8-K 1 d373393d8k.htm FORM 8-K Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April 6, 2017 AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 116 Huntington Avenue Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (617) 375-7500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): On April 6, 2017, American Tower Corporation (the “Company”) completed a registered public offering of €500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 1.375% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “Notes”), which resulted in aggregate net proceeds to the Company of approximately €489.8 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to repay a portion of the existing indebtedness under its revolving credit facility entered into in June 2013, as amended, and for general corporate purposes. The Company issued the Notes under an indenture dated as of May 23, 2013 (the “Base Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by a supplemental indenture dated as of April 6, 2017 (“Supplemental Indenture No. 7” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”), among the Company, the Trustee and Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent. The following description of the Indenture is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the Indenture. The Notes will mature on April 4, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of 1.375% per annum. Accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will be payable in Euros in arrears on April 4 of each year, beginning on April 4, 2018. Interest on the Notes will accrue from April 6, 2017 and will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the notes. The terms of the Indenture, among other things, limit the Company’s ability to merge, consolidate or sell assets and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ abilities to incur liens. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, including that the Company and its subsidiaries may incur liens on assets, mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness, provided the aggregate amount of such liens shall not exceed 3.5x Adjusted EBITDA as defined in the Indenture. The Company may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at its election at the applicable redemption price. If the Company redeems the Notes prior to January 4, 2025, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued interest to the redemption date. If the Company redeems the Notes on or after January 4, 2025, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus accrued interest to the redemption date. In addition, if the Company undergoes a Change of Control and Ratings Decline, each as defined in the Indenture, the Company may be required to repurchase all of the Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), up to but not including the repurchase date. The Indenture provides that each of the following is an event of default (“Event of Default”): (i) default for 30 days in payment of any interest due with respect to the Notes; (ii) default in payment of principal or premium, if any, on the Notes when due, at maturity, upon any redemption, by declaration or otherwise; (iii) failure by the Company to comply with covenants in the Indenture or Notes for 90 days after receiving notice; and (iv) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries. If any Event of Default arising under clause (iv) above occurs, the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest on all the outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare the entire principal amount on all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. The foregoing is only a summary of certain provisions and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Base Indenture, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2013 as an exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-188812) and incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-211829) as an exhibit and the Supplemental Indenture No. 7, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1, and incorporated by reference herein. Please refer to the discussion under Item 1.01 above, which is incorporated under this Item 2.03 by reference. A copy of the opinion of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP relating to the legality of the issuance by the Company of the Notes is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EXHIBIT INDEX