8-K 1 a8-kmeetings.htm 8-K Document American Tower Corporation (the “Company”) announced today that it has mandated Barclays, BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, HSBC and J.P. Morgan to organize a series of European fixed income investor meetings, commencing on Monday, March 27, 2017. An inaugural Euro-denominated, senior unsecured, 7 - 8 year maturity, benchmark transaction is expected to follow, subject to market conditions. Relevant stabilization regulations including FCA/ICMA will apply. This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification of such securities under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents. The Company has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Any offering of securities will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement, which will be filed with the SEC. In the event that the Company proceeds with an offering, you may obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus for the offering by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov, or from the Company or the underwriters of that offering by contacting Barclays Bank PLC at 1-888-603-5847, Merrill Lynch International at 1-800-294-1322, Citigroup Global Markets Limited at 1-800-831-9146, HSBC Bank plc at 1-866-811-8049 or J.P. Morgan Securities plc collect at +44-20-7134-2468. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.