8-K 1 a8-kkatzdividend.htm 8-K Document (b) Departing Director. On March 8, 2017, Carolyn F. Katz notified the Corporate Secretary and the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of American Tower Corporation (the “Company”) of her decision to not stand for re-election at the Company’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”). Ms. Katz’s decision to not stand for re-election did not involve any disagreements with the Company. Ms. Katz is currently a member of the Audit Committee and will continue her service on such committee until the Annual Meeting. Dividend. On March 9, 2017, the Company issued a press release (the “Press Release”) announcing that the Board declared a cash distribution of $0.62 per share on shares of the Company’s common stock, payable on April 28, 2017 to such stockholders of record at the close of business on April 12, 2017. A copy of the Press Release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1. Amendment to Equity Plan . On March 9, 2017, the Board adopted an amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Company’s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) to restrict the Company’s ability to purchase underwater Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (each as defined in the Plan). The Amendment became effective on the date of adoption. The foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amendment, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference. Letter Agreements with Executives. On February 27, 2017, the Company entered into an amended and restated letter agreement with William H. Hess, which replaces in its entirety the original letter agreement in connection with his assignment as Executive Vice President, International Operations and President, Latin America and EMEA. On March 7, 2017, the Company entered into a two-year letter agreement with Steven C. Marshall in connection with his assignment as Executive Vice President and President of the Company’s U.S. Tower Division. In addition to terms consistent with the benefits provided to other executive officers, the new letter agreements continue to provide certain benefits related to Messrs. Hess’s and Marshall’s status as expatriates, including housing, goods and services and car allowances, consistent with the Company’s expatriate program. The foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the new letter agreements, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EXHIBIT INDEX