8-K 1 a8-kdividendq22017annualme.htm 8-K Document Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. The 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of American Tower Corporation (the “Company”) was held on May 31, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts. At the Annual Meeting, the Company's stockholders elected nine individuals to the Board of Directors (the “Board”), approved Proposals 2 and 3 and voted for one year on Proposal 4. The proposals are described in more detail in the Company's definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2017. The final results of the stockholder voting regarding each proposal were as follows: 1. Election of the following directors for the ensuing year or until their successors are elected and qualified. 2. Ratification of the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2017. 3. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the Company’s executive compensation. 4. Vote, on an advisory basis, on the frequency with which the Company will hold a stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation. Company to Hold an Annual Vote on Executive Compensation In light of the voting results with respect to the frequency with which the Company will hold a stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation, the Board has determined that the Company will hold an annual advisory vote on executive compensation, unless and until the Board determines it is in the best interest of the Company to hold such vote with a different frequency. Item 8.01 Other Events. On June 1, 2017, the Company issued a press release (the “Press Release”) announcing that the Board declared a cash distribution of $0.64 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on July 14, 2017 to such stockholders of record at the close of business on June 19, 2017. A copy of the Press Release is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EXHIBIT INDEX