8-K 1 a8-ktata.htm 8-K Document Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On October 9, 2017, American Tower Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release (the “Press Release”) providing information about its business in light of press reports regarding Tata Teleservices Limited in India. A copy of the Press Release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. The Press Release contains statements about future events and expectations, or “forward-looking statements,” all of which are inherently uncertain. The Company has based those forward looking statements on management’s current expectations and assumptions and not on historical facts. Examples of these statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the enforcement of the terms of the Company's agreements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the Company's forward-looking statements, the Company refers you to the information contained in Item 1A of its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 under the caption “Risk Factors” and in other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the information contained in the Press Release to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances. Exhibit 99.1 is furnished herewith and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such exhibit be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing made by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EXHIBIT INDEX