10-Q 1 q3201710-q.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017 Commission file number 1-12672 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Ballston Tower 671 N. Glebe Rd, Suite 800 Arlington, Virginia 22203 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (703) 329-6300 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Former name, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety (90) days. Yes ý No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ý No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No ý APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 138,087,866 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were outstanding as of October 31, 2017 . Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FORM 10-Q INDEX Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 1 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 2 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) 3 Table of Contents See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 : During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 : 4 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 1. Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Basis of Presentation AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the "Company," which term, unless the context otherwise requires, refers to AvalonBay Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries), is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"). The Company focuses on the development, redevelopment, acquisition, ownership and operation of multifamily communities primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California. At September 30, 2017 , the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 263 operating apartment communities containing 76,076 apartment homes in 11 states and the District of Columbia, of which ten communities containing 3,343 apartment homes were under redevelopment. In addition, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 23 communities under development that are expected to contain an aggregate of 6,888 apartment homes when completed. The Company also owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in land or rights to land on which the Company expects to develop an additional 25 communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated 8,392 apartment homes. The interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for interim financial information and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements required by GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in the Company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. Management believes the disclosures are adequate to ensure the information presented is not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal, recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the interim periods, have been included. Capitalized terms used without definition have meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Earnings per Common Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. All outstanding unvested restricted share awards contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common shareholders and, accordingly, are considered participating securities that are included in the two-class method of computing basic earnings per share ("EPS"). Both the unvested restricted shares and other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis. The Company's earnings per common share are determined as follows (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 5 Table of Contents All options to purchase shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. As discussed under "Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards," as of January 1, 2017, the Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2016-09 using the modified retrospective approach to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Prior to the adoption of this standard, the Company was required to estimate the forfeiture of stock options and recognized compensation cost net of the estimated forfeitures. The estimated forfeitures included in compensation cost were adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures at the end of the vesting period. This change in accounting principle had an immaterial effect on the Company's financial position and no adjustment to retained earnings or the Company's diluted shares outstanding, as prescribed under the modified retrospective approach. Refer to "Change in Accounting Principle" for discussion of the impact to the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company enters into interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements (collectively, "Hedging Derivatives") for interest rate risk management purposes and in conjunction with certain variable rate secured debt to satisfy lender requirements. The Company does not enter into Hedging Derivative transactions for trading or other speculative purposes. The Company assesses the effectiveness of qualifying cash flow and fair value hedges, both at inception and on an on-going basis. Hedge ineffectiveness is reported as a component of general and administrative expenses. The fair values of Hedging Derivatives that are in an asset position are recorded in prepaid expenses and other assets. The fair value of Hedging Derivatives that are in a liability position are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The Company does not present or disclose the fair value of Hedging Derivatives on a net basis. Fair value changes for derivatives that are not in qualifying hedge relationships are reported as a component of interest expense, net. For the Hedging Derivative positions that the Company has determined qualify as effective cash flow hedges, the Company has recorded the effective portion of cumulative changes in the fair value of Hedging Derivatives in other comprehensive income (loss). Amounts recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified into earnings in the periods in which earnings are affected by the hedged cash flow. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the Hedging Derivatives that the Company has determined qualified as effective fair value hedges is reported as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the corresponding debt being hedged. See Note 10, "Fair Value," for further discussion of derivative financial instruments. 6 Table of Contents Legal and Other Contingencies Maplewood Casualty Loss In February 2017, a fire occurred at the Company's Avalon Maplewood Development Community, located in Maplewood, NJ, which was under construction and not yet occupied. The Company believes that liabilities to third parties resulting from the fire will not be material and will, in any event, be substantially covered by insurance subject to a deductible. The Company has commenced reconstruction of the damaged and destroyed portions of the community. See Note 5, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," for further discussion of the casualty gains and losses associated with the Maplewood casualty loss. Edgewater Casualty Loss In January 2015, a fire occurred at the Company's Avalon at Edgewater apartment community located in Edgewater, New Jersey ("Edgewater"). Edgewater consisted of two residential buildings. One building, containing 240 apartment homes, was destroyed. The second building, containing 168 apartment homes, suffered minimal damage and has been repaired. The Company has established protocols for processing claims from third parties who suffered losses as a result of the fire, and many third parties have contacted the Company's insurance carrier and settled their claims. See Part II, Item 1, "Legal Proceedings," for further discussion of the lawsuits associated with the Edgewater casualty loss. Three class action lawsuits have been filed against the Company on behalf of occupants of the destroyed building and consolidated in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The Company has agreed with class counsel to the terms of a settlement which provides a claims process (with agreed upon protocols for instructing the adjuster as to how to evaluate claims) and, if needed, an arbitration process to determine damage amounts to be paid to individual claimants covered by the class settlement. In July 2017 the District Court granted final approval of the settlement and all claims were submitted to the independent claims adjuster by September 11, 2017. A total of 66 units (consisting of residents who did not previously settle their claims and who did not opt out of the class settlement) are included in the class action settlement and bound by its terms. However, only 42 units submitted claims. The independent claims adjuster is currently reviewing the claims submitted, which total approximately $6,800,000 , and it is expected that awards should be issued within the next two months. A fourth class action, being heard in the same federal court, was filed against the Company on behalf of residents of the second Edgewater building that suffered minimal damage. In addition to the class action lawsuits described above, 19 lawsuits representing approximately 143 individual plaintiffs have been filed and are currently pending in the Superior Court of New Jersey Bergen County - Law Division. All of these state court cases, except for one that was recently filed, have been consolidated by the court. All of these plaintiffs, except for two , formally opted out of the class action settlement described above and have decided to continue their individual actions. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the extent of damages claimed in all of the suits. The 18 consolidated lawsuits currently have a trial date of January 2, 2018. There are also six subrogation lawsuits that have been filed against the Company by insurers of Edgewater residents who obtained renters insurance; it is the Company's position that in the majority of the applicable leases the residents waived subrogation rights. One of these lawsuits has been dismissed on that basis, one is pending in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Bergen County - Law Division and the other four have been consolidated and are currently pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The District Court denied the Company's motions seeking dismissal on this basis. The Company will reassess the viability of this defense after conducting additional discovery. Having settled many third party claims through the insurance claims process, the Company currently believes that any potential remaining liability to third parties (including any potential liability to third parties determined in accordance with the class settlement described above) will not be material to the Company and will in any event be substantially covered by the Company's insurance policies. However, the Company can give no assurances in this regard and continues to evaluate this matter. See Note 5, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," and Part II, Item 1, "Legal Proceedings," for further discussion of the casualty gains and losses and lawsuits associated with the Edgewater casualty loss. Other Matters The Company is involved in various other claims and/or administrative proceedings unrelated to the Edgewater casualty loss that arise in the ordinary course of its business. While no assurances can be given, the Company does not currently believe that any of these other outstanding litigation matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 7 Table of Contents Acquisitions of Investments in Real Estate The Company accounts for acquisitions of investments in real estate in accordance with the authoritative guidance for the initial measurement, which first requires that the Company determine if the real estate investment is the acquisition of an asset or a business combination. Under either model, the Company must identify and determine the fair value of any assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree. Typical assets and liabilities acquired include land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment, debt and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above or below market leases and in-place leases. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes various sources, including its own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in its portfolio and other market data. Consideration for acquisitions is typically in the form of cash unless otherwise disclosed. For a business combination, the Company records the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the fair value of each respective item. For an asset acquisition, the allocation of the purchase price is based on the relative fair value of the net assets. The Company expenses all applicable acquisition costs for a business combination and capitalizes all applicable acquisition costs for an asset acquisition. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2017-01 on October 1, 2016, the Company expects that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to amounts in prior years' notes to financial statements to conform to current year presentations as a result of changes in held for sale classification and disposition activity. Recently Issued Accounting Standards In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. This ASU expands hedge accounting for both nonfinancial and financial risk components and aligns the recognition and presentation of the effects of the hedging instrument and the hedged item in the financial statements. This update also simplifies the application of hedge accounting guidance and eases the administrative burden of hedge documentation requirements and assessing hedge effectiveness. The guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2019, allows for early adoption, and will be applied prospectively at adoption. The Company is assessing whether the new standard will have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. In February 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-05, Other Income-Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets. This ASU clarifies the scope of the nonfinancial asset guidance and the derecognition of all businesses and nonprofit activities (except those related to conveyances of oil and gas mineral rights or contracts with customers). In addition, the amendments eliminate the exception in the financial asset guidance for transfers of investments (including equity method investments) in real estate entities and supersedes the guidance in the Exchanges of a Nonfinancial Asset for a Noncontrolling Ownership Interest. The amendments also provide guidance on the accounting of partial sales of nonfinancial assets and contributions of nonfinancial assets to a joint venture or other noncontrolled investee. The new standard allows for either a retrospective or modified retrospective approach. The guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 and allows for early adoption. The Company is assessing whether the new standard will have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, distributions received from equity method investees and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The new standard requires a retrospective approach. The guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 and allows for early adoption. The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2017. The new standard did not have a material effect on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which simplifies several aspects of share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liability, statement of cash flows classification and policy election options for forfeitures. Upon adoption of the standard, the Company elected to account for forfeitures when they occur instead of estimating the forfeitures. 8 Table of Contents The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2017, using the modified retrospective approach. The new standard did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or earnings per share as discussed in "Earnings per Common Share." In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases, amending the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2019 and allows for early adoption. The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. ASU 2016-02 provides for transition relief, which includes not electing to (i) reassess whether any expired or existing contract is a lease or contains a lease, (ii) reassess the lease classification of any expired or existing leases and (iii) expense any capitalized initial direct costs for any existing leases. The Company anticipates adoption of the standard to have a material impact on its financial position resulting from the recognition of the right to use asset and corresponding lease obligation for its long-term ground leases, currently accounted for as operating leases. The Company will continue to assess the impact of the new standard. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers and in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers-Deferral of the Effective Date, which defers the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard until the first quarter of 2018. Subsequently, the FASB has issued multiple ASUs clarifying ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2015-14. Under the new standard, revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is probable. Revenue is generally recognized net of allowances and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The majority of the Company's revenue is derived from rental income, which is scoped out from this standard and will be accounted for under ASU 2016-02, Leases, discussed above. The Company's other revenue streams, which are being evaluated under this ASU, include but are not limited to management fees, other income from residents determined not to be within the scope of ASU 2016-02 and gains and losses from real estate dispositions. The Company will continue to assess the impact of the new standard and will adopt it as of January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. Change in Accounting Principle As of January 1, 2017, the Company adopted ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, as discussed above. The guidance requires payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation to be presented separately as a financing activity on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and was adopted retrospectively. The impact of the change in accounting principle for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows is (i) an increase in the increased accrued expenses, other liabilities and accrued interest payable of $7,659,000 , and (ii) an associated increase in net cash provided by operating activities, as well as (iii) an increase in payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation of $7,659,000 , and (iv) an associated increase in net cash used in financing activities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation were $10,460,000 . 2. Interest Capitalized The Company capitalizes interest during the development and redevelopment of real estate assets. Capitalized interest associated with the Company's development or redevelopment activities totaled $16,223,000 and $19,889,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and $51,323,000 and $60,522,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. 9 Table of Contents 3. Mortgage Notes Payable, Unsecured Notes and Credit Facility The Company's mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, variable rate unsecured term loans ("Term Loans") and Credit Facility, as defined below, as of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 are summarized below. The following amounts and discussion do not include the mortgage notes related to the communities classified as held for sale, if any, as of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , as shown in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands) (see Note 6, "Real Estate Disposition Activities"). _____________________________________ The following debt activity occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 : 10 Table of Contents At September 30, 2017 , the Company has a $1,500,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "Credit Facility") which matures in April 2020. The Company may extend the maturity for up to nine months , provided the Company is not in default and upon payment of a $1,500,000 extension fee. The Credit Facility bears interest at varying levels based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), rating levels achieved on the Company's unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by the Company. The current stated pricing is LIBOR plus 0.825% per annum ( 2.06% at September 30, 2017 ), assuming a one month borrowing rate. The annual facility fee is 0.125% (or approximately $1,875,000 annually based on the $1,500,000,000 facility size and based on the Company's current credit rating). The Company had $242,000,000 outstanding under the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2017 and no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2016 . The Company had $44,282,000 and $46,711,000 outstanding in letters of credit that reduced the borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. In the aggregate, secured notes payable mature at various dates from November 2017 through July 2066, and are secured by certain apartment communities (with a net carrying value of $2,204,341,000 , excluding communities classified as held for sale, as of September 30, 2017 ). As of September 30, 2017 , the Company has guaranteed a $100,000,000 secured note payable held by a wholly-owned subsidiary; such secured note payable is consolidated for financial reporting purposes. The weighted average interest rate of the Company's fixed rate secured notes payable (conventional and tax-exempt) was 4.0% and 4.4% at September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. The weighted average interest rate of the Company's variable rate secured notes payable (conventional and tax-exempt), the Term Loans and its Credit Facility, including the effect of certain financing related fees, was 2.6% and 2.3% at September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. Scheduled payments and maturities of secured notes payable and unsecured notes outstanding at September 30, 2017 are as follows (dollars in thousands): _____________________________________ The Company was in compliance at September 30, 2017 with customary financial and other covenants under the Credit Facility, the Term Loans and the Company's fixed rate unsecured notes. 11 Table of Contents 4. Equity The following summarizes the changes in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 (dollars in thousands): As of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , the Company's charter authorized a total of 280,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock for issuance. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company: Any deferred compensation related to the Company's stock option, restricted stock and performance award grants during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is not reflected on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2017 , and will not be reflected until recognized as compensation cost. In December 2015, the Company commenced a fourth continuous equity program ("CEP IV") under which the Company may sell (and/or enter into forward sale agreements for) up to $1,000,000,000 of its common stock from time to time. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company, including market conditions, the trading price of the Company's common stock and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. In conjunction with CEP IV, the Company engaged sales agents who will receive compensation of up to 2.0% of the gross sales price for shares sold. The Company expects that, if entered into, it will physically settle each forward sale agreement on one or more dates specified by the Company on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case the Company will expect to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares underlying the particular forward agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, the Company may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a forward sale agreement. In connection with each forward sale agreement, the Company will pay the relevant forward seller, in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price, a commission of up to 2.0% of the sales prices of all borrowed shares of common stock sold. As of September 30, 2017 , there are no outstanding forward sales agreements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company sold 568,424 shares at an average sales price of $188.39 per share, for net proceeds of $105,478,000 . As of September 30, 2017 , the Company had $892,915,000 of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program. 12 Table of Contents 5. Investments in Real Estate Entities Investment in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities As of September 30, 2017 , the Company had investments in five unconsolidated real estate entities with ownership interest percentages ranging from 20.0% to 31.3% , excluding development joint ventures and joint ventures formed with Equity Residential as part of the Archstone acquisition. The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated real estate entities under the equity method of accounting. The significant accounting policies of the Company's unconsolidated real estate entities are consistent with those of the Company in all material respects. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , AvalonBay Value Added Fund II, L.P. ("Fund II") sold its final three communities: In conjunction with the disposition of these communities during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , Fund II repaid the remaining $127,179,000 of secured indebtedness at par in advance of its scheduled maturity date. The Company has an equity interest of 31.3% in Fund II, and upon achievement of a threshold return, the Company has a right to incentive distributions for its promoted interest based on the current returns earned by Fund II, which currently represents 40.0% of further Fund II distributions, which is in addition to its proportionate share of the remaining 60.0% of distributions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company recognized income of $19,977,000 and $26,742,000 , respectively, for its promoted interest, which is reported as a component of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , Archstone Multifamily Partners AC LP (the "U.S. Fund") sold Eaves Sunnyvale, located in Sunnyvale, CA, containing 192 apartment homes, for $107,000,000 . The Company's share of the gain was $13,788,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of this community, during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the U.S. Fund repaid $32,542,000 of secured indebtedness in advance of its scheduled maturity date. This resulted in a charge for a prepayment penalty and the write-off of deferred financing costs, of which the Company's portion was $406,000 , which is reported as a reduction of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The following is a combined summary of the financial position of the entities accounted for using the equity method discussed above as of the dates presented (dollars in thousands): 13 Table of Contents The following is a combined summary of the operating results of the entities accounted for using the equity method discussed above for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): _____________________________________ In conjunction with the formation of Fund II and North Point II JV, LP ("AVA North Point"), and the acquisition of the U.S. Fund, Multifamily Partners AC JV LP (the "AC JV") and Brandywine Apartments of Maryland, LLC ("Brandywine"), the Company incurred costs in excess of its equity in the underlying net assets of the respective investments. These costs represent $35,752,000 and $38,015,000 at September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively, of the Company's respective investment balances. These amounts are being amortized over the lives of the underlying assets as a component of equity (loss) in income of unconsolidated entities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company acquired a parcel of land for an investment of $19,200,000 from Sudbury Development, LLC (“Sudbury”), a joint venture in which the Company has a 60.0% ownership interest. The Company has a continuing involvement with Sudbury, formed to pursue entitlements and conduct pre-development activity for a mixed-used development project, while the venture completes the planned infrastructure and site work. Investments in Consolidated Real Estate Entities In September 2017, the Company acquired two consolidated communities: The Company accounted for these as asset acquisitions and recorded the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including identifiable intangibles, at their relative fair values based on the purchase price and acquisition costs incurred. The Company used third party pricing or internal models for the values of the land, a valuation model for the values of the buildings and debt, and an internal model to determine the fair values of the remaining real estate assets and in-place leases. Given the heterogeneous nature of multifamily real estate, the fair values for the land, debt, real estate assets and in-place leases incorporated significant unobservable inputs and therefore are considered to be Level 3 prices within the fair value hierarchy. In conjunction with the development of Avalon Brooklyn Bay, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement to construct a mixed-use building that will contain rental apartments, for-sale residential condominium units and related common elements. The Company owns a 70.0% interest in the venture and will have all of the rights and obligations associated with the rental apartments, and the venture partner owns the remaining 30.0% interest and will have all of the rights and obligations associated with the for-sale residential condominium units. The Company is responsible for the development and construction of the structure, and is providing a loan to the venture partner for the venture partner's share of costs. As of September 30, 2017 , the Company has a receivable from the venture partner in the form of a variable rate mortgage note, secured by the for-sale residential condominium units under construction, in the amount of $41,485,000 for outstanding principal and interest, reported as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes interest income on the accrual basis. The loan will be repaid by the venture partner with the proceeds the partner receives from the sales of the 14 Table of Contents residential condominium units which are expected to occur during 2018. The venture is considered a VIE, and the Company consolidates its interest in the rental apartments and common areas. Expensed Acquisition, Development and Other Pursuit Costs and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company capitalizes pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of new development opportunities for which the Company currently believes future development is probable ("Development Rights"). Future development of these Development Rights is dependent upon various factors, including zoning and regulatory approval, rental market conditions, construction costs and the availability of capital. Initial pre-development costs incurred for pursuits for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development by the Company no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are expensed. The Company expensed costs related to the abandonment of Development Rights, as well as costs incurred in pursuing the acquisition or disposition of assets for which such acquisition and disposition activity did not occur, in the amounts of $789,000 and $2,170,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and $2,087,000 and $3,522,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. These costs are included in expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Abandoned pursuit costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future periods. The Company evaluates its real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment when potential indicators of impairment exist. Such assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization, unless the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable. If events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property or long-lived asset may not be recoverable, the Company assesses its recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the property or long-lived asset to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying amount exceeds the aggregate undiscounted future cash flows, the Company recognizes an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the property or long-lived asset. Based on periodic tests of recoverability of long-lived assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , the Company did not recognize any impairment losses for wholly-owned operating real estate assets. The Company assesses its portfolio of land held for both development and investment for impairment if the intent of the Company changes with respect to either the development of, or the expected holding period for, the land. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company recognized an impairment charge of $9,350,000 relating to a land parcel which the Company had acquired for development in 2004, which was sold during the three months ended September 30, 2017 . During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company recognized $10,500,000 of aggregate impairment charges related to three ancillary land parcels. These charges were determined as the excess of the Company's carrying basis over the expected sales price for each parcel, and these charges are included in casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The Company evaluates its unconsolidated investments for other than temporary impairment, considering both the extent and amount by which the carrying value of the investment exceeds the fair value, and the Company's intent and ability to hold the investment to recover its carrying value. The Company also evaluates its proportionate share of any impairment of assets held by unconsolidated investments. There were no other than temporary impairment losses recognized by any of the Company's investments in unconsolidated real estate entities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 . Casualty Gains and Losses During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company recorded a casualty loss of $19,481,000 composed of a charge of $16,361,000 to write-off the net book value of the fixed assets destroyed in the Maplewood casualty loss, and an accrual for demolition and additional incident expenses of $3,120,000 . The casualty loss was partially offset by $17,143,000 of expected third-party property damage insurance proceeds. The net casualty loss of $2,338,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is included in casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. See discussion in Note 1, "Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, Legal and Other Contingencies," for further discussion of the Maplewood casualty loss. During the three months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company reached a final insurance settlement for the property damage and lost income for the Maplewood casualty loss of $19,696,000 , after self-insurance and deductibles. Of this amount, $7,076,000 and $13,268,000 were received during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively. As part of the settlement, the Company recognized $3,495,000 as business interruption insurance proceeds, which is recorded as a component of rental and other income on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 15 Table of Contents During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company reached a final insurance settlement for the property damage and lost income for the Edgewater casualty loss. In 2015 and 2016, the Company received aggregate insurance proceeds for Edgewater of $73,150,000 , after self-insurance and deductibles. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company received the final $29,008,000 of insurance proceeds, of which $8,702,000 was recognized as casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, and $20,306,000 as business interruption insurance proceeds, which is recorded as a component of rental and other income on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. See discussion in Note 1, "Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, Legal and Other Contingencies," and Part II, Item 1, "Legal Proceedings," for further discussion of the Edgewater casualty loss. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company recorded a net casualty gain of $5,732,000 related to the severe winter storms that occurred in the Company’s Northeast markets in 2015, which is comprised of $8,493,000 in third-party insurance proceeds received, partially offset by incremental costs of $2,761,000 . These amounts are included in casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 6. Real Estate Disposition Activities The following real estate sales occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 : At September 30, 2017 , the Company had one community that qualified as held for sale. 16 Table of Contents 7. Segment Reporting The Company's reportable operating segments include Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities, and Development/Redevelopment Communities. Annually as of January 1, the Company determines which of its communities fall into each of these categories and generally maintains that classification throughout the year for the purpose of reporting segment operations, unless disposition or redevelopment plans regarding a community change. In addition, the Company owns land for future development and has other corporate assets that are not allocated to an operating segment. The Company's segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the chief operating decision maker for purposes of assessing each segment's performance. The Company's chief operating decision maker is comprised of several members of its executive management team who use net operating income ("NOI") as the primary financial measure for Established Communities and Other Stabilized Communities. NOI is defined by the Company as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses (including property taxes), and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses, investments and investment management expenses, expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, interest expense, net, loss on extinguishment of debt, net, general and administrative expense, equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated real estate entities, depreciation expense, corporate income tax expense, casualty and impairment loss (gain), net, (loss) gain on sale of real estate assets and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale. Although the Company considers NOI a useful measure of a community's or communities' operating performance, NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income or net cash flow from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. NOI excludes a number of income and expense categories as detailed in the reconciliation of NOI to net income. A reconciliation of NOI to net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 is as follows (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of NOI from real estate assets sold or held for sale for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The primary performance measure for communities under development or redevelopment depends on the stage of completion. While under development, management monitors actual construction costs against budgeted costs as well as lease-up pace and rent levels compared to budget. 17 Table of Contents The following table provides details of the Company's segment information as of the dates specified (dollars in thousands). The segments are classified based on the individual community's status at the beginning of the given calendar year. Therefore, each year the composition of communities within each business segment is adjusted. Accordingly, the amounts between years are not directly comparable. Segment information for total revenue and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 has been adjusted to exclude the real estate assets that were sold from January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017 , or otherwise qualify as held for sale as of September 30, 2017 , as described in Note 6, "Real Estate Disposition Activities." Segment information for gross real estate as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 has not been adjusted to exclude real estate assets that were sold or otherwise qualified as held for sale subsequent to the respective balance sheet dates. __________________________________ 18 Table of Contents 8. Stock-Based Compensation Plans As part of its long term compensation plans, the Company has granted stock options, performance awards and restricted stock. Detail of the outstanding awards and activity is presented below. Information with respect to stock options granted under the Company's 1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "1994 Plan") and its Second Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2009 Plan") for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , is as follows: __________________________________ Information with respect to performance awards granted is as follows: __________________________________ The Company used a Monte Carlo model to assess the compensation cost associated with the portion of the performance awards granted in 2017 for which achievement will be determined by using total shareholder return measures. The assumptions used are as follows: __________________________________ For the portion of the performance awards granted in 2017 , for which achievement will be determined by using financial metrics, the compensation cost was based on the grant date fair value of $179.07 , and the Company's estimate of corporate achievement for the financial metrics. 19 Table of Contents Information with respect to restricted stock granted is as follows: Total employee stock-based compensation cost recognized in income was $13,245,000 and $11,555,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and total capitalized stock-based compensation cost was $7,644,000 and $7,790,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. At September 30, 2017 , there was a total unrecognized compensation cost of $31,278,000 for unvested restricted stock and performance awards, which does not include forfeitures, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.7 years. 9. Related Party Arrangements Unconsolidated Entities The Company manages unconsolidated real estate entities for which it receives asset management, property management, development and redevelopment fee revenue. From these entities, the Company earned fees of $993,000 and $1,320,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and $3,290,000 and $4,310,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. These fees are recognized on an accrual basis when earned in accordance with the accounting guidance applicable to revenue recognition, and are included in management, development and other fees on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In addition, the Company has outstanding receivables associated with its property and construction management role of $2,663,000 and $5,239,000 as of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. Director Compensation The Company recorded non-employee director compensation expense relating to restricted stock grants and deferred stock awards in the amount of $368,000 and $260,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, and $1,127,000 and $877,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively, as a component of general and administrative expense. Deferred compensation relating to these restricted stock grants and deferred stock awards to non-employee directors was $782,000 and $531,000 on September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. 10. Fair Value Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value Derivative Financial Instruments Currently, the Company uses interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements to manage its interest rate risk. These instruments are carried at fair value in the Company's financial statements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of counterparty nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of its net position with a given counterparty, as well as any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. The Company minimizes its credit risk on these transactions by dealing with major, creditworthy financial institutions which have an A or better credit rating by the Standard & Poor's Ratings Group. As part of its on-going control procedures, the Company monitors the credit ratings of counterparties and the exposure of the Company to any single entity, thus reducing credit risk concentration. The Company believes the likelihood of realizing losses from counterparty nonperformance is remote. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, such as interest rate, term to maturity and volatility, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives use Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. As of September 30, 2017 , the Company assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined it is not significant. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 20 Table of Contents The Company recognized a gain of $753,000 for hedge ineffectiveness for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , included as a component of interest expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Hedge ineffectiveness did not have a material impact on earnings of the Company for any prior period. The following table summarizes the consolidated derivative positions at September 30, 2017 (dollars in thousands): ____________________________________ During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company entered into $50,000,000 and $300,000,000 , respectively, of forward interest rate swap agreements executed to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of the Company's expected debt issuance activity in 2018. As of September 30, 2017 , the Company has $300,000,000 in aggregate outstanding forward interest rate swap agreements. At maturity of the remaining outstanding swap agreements, the Company expects to cash settle the contracts and either pay or receive cash for the then current fair value. Assuming that the Company issues the debt as expected, the hedging impact from these positions will then be recognized over the life of the issued debt as a yield adjustment. As described in this paragraph, during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company settled an aggregate of $800,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements, receiving net aggregate payments of $391,000 . In conjunction with the refinancing of three secured borrowings in May 2017, in April 2017, the Company settled $185,100,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability of the secured notes, making a payment of $2,326,000 . In conjunction with the Company's May 2017 unsecured note issuance, the Company settled $400,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the forecasted issuance of the unsecured notes, making a payment of $1,361,000 . In conjunction with the Company's June 2017 unsecured note issuance, the Company settled $214,900,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the forecasted issuance of the unsecured notes, receiving a payment of $4,078,000 . The Company has deferred $376,000 , the effective portion of the fair value change of these swaps, in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and will recognize the impact as a component of interest expense, net, over the 10 year period of interest payments hedged. Excluding derivatives executed to hedge secured debt on communities classified as held for sale, the Company had seven derivatives designated as cash flow hedges and 14 derivatives not designated as hedges at September 30, 2017 . Fair value changes for derivatives not in qualifying hedge relationships for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 were not material. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company deferred $15,654,000 of losses for cash flow hedges reported as a component of other comprehensive loss. The following table summarizes the deferred losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of interest expense, net (dollars in thousands): The Company anticipates reclassifying approximately $7,012,000 of hedging losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings within the next 12 months to offset the variability of cash flows of the hedged item during this period. The Company did not have any derivatives designated as fair value hedges as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 . 21 Table of Contents Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests The Company provided redemption options (the "Puts") that allow joint venture partners of the Company to require the Company to purchase their interests in the investment at a guaranteed minimum amount related to three ventures. The Puts are payable in cash. The Company determines the fair value of the Puts based on unobservable inputs considering the assumptions that market participants would make in pricing the obligations, applying a guaranteed rate of return to the joint venture partners' net capital contribution balances as of period end. Given the significance of the unobservable inputs, the valuations are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company issued units of limited partnership interest in DownREITs which provide the DownREIT limited partners the ability to present all or some of their units for redemption for cash as determined by the partnership agreement. Under the DownREIT agreements, for each limited partnership unit, the limited partner is entitled to receive cash in the amount equal to the fair value of the Company's common stock on or about the date of redemption. In lieu of cash redemption, the Company may elect to exchange such units for an equal number of shares of the Company's common stock. The limited partnership units in the DownREITs are valued using the market price of the Company's common stock, a Level 1 price under the fair value hierarchy. Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalent balances are held with various financial institutions within principal protected accounts. The Company monitors credit ratings of these financial institutions and the concentration of cash and cash equivalent balances with any one financial institution and believes the likelihood of realizing material losses related to cash and cash equivalent balances is remote. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values and are Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Other Financial Instruments Rents and other receivables and prepaid expenses, accounts and construction payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values. The Company values its unsecured notes using quoted market prices, a Level 1 price within the fair value hierarchy. The Company values its notes payable and outstanding amounts under the Credit Facility and Term Loans using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each instrument. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the instrument, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The process also considers credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect the Company's nonperformance risk. The Company has concluded that the value of its notes payable and amounts outstanding under its Credit Facility and Term Loans are Level 2 prices as the majority of the inputs used to value its positions fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Financial Instruments Measured/Disclosed at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The following tables summarize the classification between the three levels of the fair value hierarchy of the Company's financial instruments measured/disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis (dollars in thousands): 22 Table of Contents 11. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date on which this Form 10-Q was filed, the date on which these financial statements were issued, and identified the items below for discussion. In October 2017, the Company: 23 Table of Contents Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD&A") is intended to help provide an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. This report, including the following MD&A, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" included in this report. Actual results or developments could differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" as well as the risk factors described in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (the "Form 10-K"). Capitalized terms used without definition have the meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Executive Overview Business Description We develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily apartment communities primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California. We focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe are characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, lower housing affordability and a diverse and vibrant quality of life. We believe these market characteristics offer the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns on apartment community investments relative to other markets that do not have these characteristics. We believe that the Denver, Colorado and Southeast Florida markets share these characteristics, and we are pursuing opportunities to invest in these markets through acquisitions and developments. We seek to create long-term shareholder value by accessing capital on cost effective terms; deploying that capital to develop, redevelop and acquire apartment communities in our selected markets; operating apartment communities; and selling communities when they no longer meet our long-term investment strategy or when pricing is attractive. Our strategic vision is to be the leading apartment company in select US markets, providing a range of distinctive living experiences that customers value. We pursue this vision by targeting what we believe are among the best markets and submarkets, leveraging our strategic capabilities in market research and consumer insight and being disciplined in our capital allocation and balance sheet management. Our communities are predominately upscale and generally command among the highest rents in their markets. However, we also pursue the ownership and operation of apartment communities that target a variety of customer segments and price points, consistent with our goal of offering a broad range of products and services. We regularly evaluate the allocation of our investments by the amount of invested capital and by product type within our individual markets. Third Quarter 2017 Highlights During the three months ended September 30, 2017 , we completed the construction of one community, containing 331 apartment homes for an aggregate total capitalized cost of $96,600,000 . At September 30, 2017 , we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in 23 communities under construction, which are expected to contain 6,888 apartment homes with a projected total capitalized cost of $3,247,000,000 , including the total projected capitalized cost for one community being developed within an unconsolidated joint venture in which we own a 55.0% interest. In addition, as of September 30, 2017 , we held a direct or indirect ownership interest in land or rights to land on which we expect to develop an additional 25 apartment communities that, if developed as expected, will contain 8,392 apartment homes, and will be developed for an aggregate total capitalized cost of $3,206,000,000 . 24 Table of Contents During the three months ended September 30, 2017 , we sold Avalon Danbury, a wholly-owned operating community located in Danbury, CT, containing 234 apartment homes. Avalon Danbury was sold for $52,000,000 and our gain on the disposition was $27,829,000 . In September 2017, we acquired two wholly-owned operating communities: We expect to be able to meet our reasonably foreseeable liquidity needs, as they arise, through a combination of one or more of the following sources: existing cash on hand; operating cash flows; borrowings under our Credit Facility; secured debt; the issuance of corporate securities (which could include unsecured debt, preferred equity and/or common equity); the sale of apartment communities; or through the formation of joint ventures. See the discussion under "Liquidity and Capital Resources". Communities Overview Our real estate investments consist primarily of current operating apartment communities, communities in various stages of development ("Development Communities") and Development Rights (as defined below). Our current operating communities are further distinguished as Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities, Lease-Up Communities, Redevelopment Communities and Unconsolidated Communities. While we generally establish the classification of communities on an annual basis, we intend to update the classification of communities during the calendar year to the extent that our plans with regard to the disposition or redevelopment of a community change during the year. The following is a description of each category: Current Communities are categorized as Established, Other Stabilized, Lease-Up, Redevelopment, or Unconsolidated according to the following attributes: Development Communities are communities that are under construction and for which a certificate or certificates of occupancy for the entire community have not been received. These communities may be partially complete and operating. 25 Table of Contents Development Rights are development opportunities in the early phase of the development process where we either have an option to acquire land or enter into a leasehold interest, where we are the buyer under a long-term conditional contract to purchase land, where we control the land through a ground lease or own land to develop a new community, or where we are the designated developer in a public-private partnership. We capitalize related pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of new developments for which we currently believe future development is probable. We currently lease our corporate headquarters located in Arlington, Virginia, as well as our other regional and administrative offices under operating leases. As of September 30, 2017 , communities that we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in were classified as follows: _________________________ 26 Table of Contents Results of Operations Our year-over-year operating performance is primarily affected by both overall and individual geographic market conditions and apartment fundamentals and is reflected in changes in NOI of our Established Communities; NOI derived from acquisitions and development completions; the loss of NOI related to disposed communities; and capital market and financing activity. A comparison of our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands): _________________________ 27 Table of Contents Net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $118,144,000 , or 33.2% , to $238,248,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2017 and $152,419,000 , or 19.3% , to $639,348,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 as compared to the respective prior year periods. The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to decreases in gains on the sale of consolidated real estate and increases in depreciation, partially offset by increases in NOI, joint venture real estate sales and related gains, including our promoted interest, over the prior year periods. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is also due to an increase in debt extinguishment losses and a casualty and impairment loss in the current year period as compared to a gain in the prior year period. NOI is considered by management to be an important and appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of a community or communities prior to the allocation of any corporate-level or financing-related costs. NOI reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easier comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets. In addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impact to overhead as a result of acquiring real estate, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. We define NOI as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses (including property taxes), and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses, investments and investment management expenses, expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, interest expense, net, loss on extinguishment of debt, net, general and administrative expense, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities, depreciation expense, corporate income tax expense, casualty and impairment loss (gain), net, (loss) gain on sale of real estate assets and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale. NOI does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. NOI should also not be considered an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity, nor is NOI indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. Reconciliations of NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 to net income for each period are as follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands): 28 Table of Contents The NOI changes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year periods, consist of changes in the following categories (unaudited, dollars in thousands): ____________________________ Rental and other income increased in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to the prior year periods due to additional rental income generated from newly developed, acquired and existing operating communities and an increase in rental rates at our Established Communities, discussed below. Consolidated Communities — The weighted average number of occupied apartment homes increased to 69,284 apartment homes for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to 67,628 homes for the prior year period. The weighted average monthly revenue per occupied apartment home increased to $2,557 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to $2,464 in the prior year period. Established Communities — Rental revenue increased $30,208,000 , or 2.6% , for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to the prior year period due to an increase in average rental rates of 2.5% to $2,503 per apartment home and an increase in economic occupancy of 0.1% to 95.5% . Economic occupancy takes into account the fact that apartment homes of different sizes and locations within a community have different economic impacts on a community's gross revenue. Economic occupancy is defined as gross potential revenue less vacancy loss, as a percentage of gross potential revenue. Gross potential revenue is determined by valuing occupied homes at leased rates and vacant homes at market rents. The Metro New York/New Jersey region accounted for approximately 23.0% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 2.3% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 2.3% to $3,035 per apartment home, and economic occupancy remained consistent at 95.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. We expect operating conditions in the Metro New York/New Jersey region to remain bifurcated between New York City and surrounding suburban submarkets. Elevated levels of new apartment deliveries in New York City are limiting our ability to increase rental rates, while surrounding suburban submarkets are more insulated from this new competition. The Northern California region accounted for approximately 21.3% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 1.5% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 1.0% to $2,834 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.5% to 95.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. We expect operating conditions to remain challenged in the Northern California region due to slowing job growth and an increase in competition from new apartment deliveries. The Southern California region accounted for approximately 21.4% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 3.9% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 4.1% to $2,203 per apartment home, and were partially offset by a 0.2% decrease in economic occupancy to 95.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. We believe stable job and income growth, combined with a modest level of new apartment deliveries, will continue to support a favorable operating environment in the Southern California region. 29 Table of Contents The New England region accounted for approximately 14.8% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 2.7% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 2.4% to $2,411 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.3% to 95.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. We expect the operating environment to be more favorable in the suburban submarkets than in the urban submarkets due to higher levels of new apartment deliveries in the urban submarkets. The Mid-Atlantic region accounted for approximately 14.2% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 1.9% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 2.0% to $2,151 per apartment home, and were partially offset by a 0.1% decrease in economic occupancy to 95.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. Operating conditions in the Mid-Atlantic region are improving, but we believe elevated levels of new apartment deliveries will continue to affect our ability to increase rental rates in select submarkets. The Pacific Northwest region accounted for approximately 5.3% of Established Community rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , and experienced an increase in rental revenue of 5.4% compared to the prior year period. Average rental rates increased 5.1% to $2,212 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.3% to 95.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , compared to the prior year period. We expect strong job and income growth in the Pacific Northwest region will continue to produce healthy apartment demand. Management, development and other fees decreased $327,000 , or 24.8% , and $1,020,000 , or 23.7% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, as compared to the prior year periods. The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from Fund II and the U.S. Fund. Direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes increased $4,032,000 , or 3.8% , and $17,840,000 , or 5.8% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities. For Established Communities, direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased $545,000 , or 0.7% , and $5,056,000 , or 2.2% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2017 is primarily due to increased bad debt and compensation expense, partially offset by decreased turnover, maintenance and utility costs. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is primarily due to increased compensation expense, bad debt and turnover and maintenance costs, partially offset by decreased property insurance costs. Property taxes increased $5,360,000 , or 10.2% , and $10,683,000 , or 7.0% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities, coupled with increased assessments across our portfolio. For Established Communities, property taxes increased $2,293,000 , or 6.0% , and $3,330,000 , or 2.9% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to increased assessments, as well as successful appeals in the prior year periods in excess of the current year periods. For communities in California, property tax changes are determined by the change in the California Consumer Price Index, with increases limited by law (Proposition 13). Massachusetts also has laws in place to limit property tax increases. We evaluate property tax increases internally and also engage third-party consultants to assist in our evaluations. We appeal property tax increases when appropriate. Corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses increased $473,000 , or 2.9% , and $429,000 , or 0.8% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to increased compensation related costs in the current year periods, partially offset by severance costs in the prior year period not present in current year period. Investments and investment management expense increased by $296,000 or 24.6% and $732,000 or 20.6% due primarily to increases in compensation expense. 30 Table of Contents Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries primarily reflect abandoned pursuit costs as well as acquisition costs related to business acquisitions that occurred prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-01 as of October 1, 2016. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2017-01, we expect that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions, and result in acquisition costs being capitalized instead of expensed. During the three months ended September 30, 2017 , we acquired two operating communities, both of which were accounted for as asset acquisitions. Abandoned pursuit costs include costs incurred for development pursuits not yet considered probable for development, as well as the abandonment of Development Rights and disposition pursuits, and also includes costs related to abandoned acquisition pursuits. These costs can be volatile, particularly in periods of increased acquisition pursuit activity, periods of economic downturn or when there is limited access to capital, and the costs may vary significantly from period to period. These costs decreased $3,015,000 , or 79.3% , and $6,615,000 , or 76.0% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to acquisition costs related to communities acquired during the prior year periods that were expensed prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-01. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , is also due to the non-cash write-off of asset management fee intangibles associated with the disposition of communities in the U.S. Fund in the prior year period in excess of amounts recognized in the current year period. Interest expense, net decreased $130,000 , or 0.3% , and increased $9,276,000 , or 6.7% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. This category includes interest costs offset by capitalized interest pertaining to development and redevelopment activity, amortization of premium/discount on debt, and interest income. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2017 is primarily due to a decrease in amounts of secured debt outstanding. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is due to an increase in outstanding indebtedness, as well as a decrease in amounts of interest capitalized. Loss on extinguishment of debt, net reflects prepayment penalties, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and premiums from our debt repurchase and retirement activity, and payments to acquire our outstanding debt at amounts above or below the carrying basis of the debt acquired, excluding costs related to debt secured by assets sold or held for sale. The loss of $24,162,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 was due to prepayment penalties of $33,515,000 and the non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs of $1,450,000 associated with the repayment of $556,313,000 aggregate principal amount of fixed rate mortgage notes secured by 12 wholly-owned operating communities in advance of their May 2019 maturity dates. This was partially offset by a gain of $10,839,000 , primarily composed of the write-off of unamortized premium on the repayment of $670,590,000 principal amount of fixed rate mortgage notes secured by 11 wholly-owned operating communities in advance of their November 2017 maturity dates. Depreciation expense increased $13,261,000 , or 10.1% , and $35,636,000 , or 9.1% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities. General and administrative expense ("G&A") decreased $273,000 , or 2.3% , and increased $3,465,000 , or 9.8% , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2017 is primarily due to decreased legal and professional fees, partially offset by increased compensation related expenses. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 is primarily due to an increase in compensation related expenses, legal and professional fees, and sales and use tax expense. Casualty and impairment loss (gain), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 consists of an impairment charge recognized for a land parcel we had acquired for development and sold in July 2017, as well as the Maplewood casualty loss, which was partially offset by expected insurance proceeds, a portion of which were received during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 . Casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , consists of net third-party insurance proceeds related to severe winter storms that occurred in 2015 in our Northeast markets, partially offset by impairment charges recognized for ancillary land parcels. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , casualty and impairment (gain) loss, net also includes property damage insurance proceeds from the final insurance settlement for the Edgewater casualty loss. 31 Table of Contents Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities increased $52,910,000 and $15,607,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 are primarily due to gains on the sale of communities in various ventures in the current year year periods, as well as recognition of income for the Company's promoted interest, partially offset by decreased NOI from the ventures due to disposition activity in 2016 and 2017. Gain on sale of communities decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to the prior year periods. The amount of gain realized in a given period depends on many factors, including the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of the communities sold and the market conditions in the local area. Gain on sale of other real estate decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to the prior year periods. The gains of $10,778,000 and $10,921,000 for the three and nine ended September 30, 2016 are primarily composed of the gain on the land we sold to an unconsolidated joint venture. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Consistent with the definition adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts® ("NAREIT"), we calculate Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Stockholders ("FFO") as net income or loss attributable to common stockholders computed in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for: FFO and FFO adjusted for non-core items, or "Core FFO," as defined below, are generally considered by management to be appropriate supplemental measures of our operating and financial performance. In calculating FFO, we exclude gains or losses related to dispositions of previously depreciated property and exclude real estate depreciation, which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates. FFO can help one compare the operating performance of a real estate company between periods or as compared to different companies. By further adjusting for items that are not considered part of our core business operations, Core FFO allows one to compare the core operating performance of the Company between periods. We believe that in order to understand our operating results, FFO and Core FFO should be examined with net income as presented in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. We calculate Core FFO as FFO, adjusted for: FFO and Core FFO do not represent net income in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net income, which remains the primary measure, as an indication of our performance. In addition, FFO and Core FFO as calculated by other REITs may not be comparable to our calculations of FFO and Core FFO. The following is a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to FFO attributable to common stockholders and to Core FFO attributable to common stockholders (unaudited, dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 32 Table of Contents _________________________ 33 Table of Contents FFO and Core FFO also do not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net cash flows from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, it is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. A presentation of GAAP based cash flow metrics is as follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands) and a discussion of "Liquidity and Capital Resources" can be found later in this report: _________________________ Liquidity and Capital Resources We employ a disciplined approach to our liquidity and capital management. When we source capital, we take into account both our view of the most cost effective alternative then available and our desire to maintain a balance sheet that provides us with flexibility. Our principal short-term liquidity needs are to fund: Factors affecting our liquidity and capital resources are our cash flows from operations, financing activities and investing activities (including dispositions) as well as general economic and market conditions. Operating cash flow has historically been determined by: (i) the number of apartment homes currently owned, (ii) rental rates, (iii) occupancy levels and (iv) operating expenses with respect to apartment homes. The timing and type of capital markets activity in which we engage, as well as our plans for development, redevelopment, acquisition and disposition activity, are affected by changes in the capital markets environment, such as changes in interest rates or the availability of cost-effective capital. We regularly review our liquidity needs, the adequacy of cash flows from operations and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs. We had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $36,042,000 at September 30, 2017 , a decrease of $178,952,000 from $214,994,000 at December 31, 2016 . As presented in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included elsewhere in this report, the following discussion relates to changes in cash due to operating, investing and financing activities. Operating Activities — Net cash provided by operating activities increased to $917,573,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 from $860,727,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 . The change was driven primarily by increased NOI from existing, acquired and newly developed communities. 34 Table of Contents Investing Activities — Net cash used in investing activities totaled $676,231,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 . The net cash used was primarily due to: These amounts are partially offset by: Financing Activities — Net cash used in financing activities totaled $420,294,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 . The net cash used was primarily due to: These amounts are partially offset by: Variable Rate Unsecured Credit Facility We have a $1,500,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "Credit Facility") which matures in April 2020. We may extend the maturity for up to nine months , provided we are not in default and upon payment of a $1,500,000 extension fee. The Credit Facility bears interest at varying levels based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), rating levels achieved on our unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by us. The current stated pricing is LIBOR plus 0.825% per annum ( 2.07% at October 31, 2017 ), assuming a one month borrowing rate. The annual facility fee is 0.125% (or approximately $1,875,000 annually based on the $1,500,000,000 facility size and based on our current credit rating). We had borrowings of $434,000,000 outstanding under the Credit Facility and had $44,937,000 outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity as of October 31, 2017 . Financial Covenants We are subject to financial and other covenants contained in the Credit Facility, the Term Loans and the indenture under which our unsecured notes were issued. The principal financial covenants include the following: We were in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2017 . In addition, our secured borrowings may include yield maintenance, defeasance, or prepayment penalty provisions, which would result in us incurring an additional charge in the event of a full or partial prepayment of outstanding principal before the scheduled maturity. These provisions in our secured borrowings are generally consistent with other similar types of debt instruments issued during the same time period in which our borrowings were secured. 35 Table of Contents Continuous Equity Offering Program In December 2015, we commenced a fourth continuous equity program ("CEP IV") under which we may sell (and/or enter into forward sale agreements for) up to $1,000,000,000 of our common stock from time to time. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined, including market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding. In conjunction with CEP IV, we engaged sales agents who will receive compensation of up to 2.0% of the gross sales price for shares sold. We expect that, if entered into, we will physically settle each forward sale agreement on one or more dates prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case we will expect to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares underlying the particular forward agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, we may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a forward sale agreement. In connection with each forward sale agreement, we will pay the relevant forward seller, in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price, a commission of up to 2.0% of the sales prices of all borrowed shares of common stock sold. As of October 31, 2017 , there are no outstanding forward sales agreements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we sold 568,424 shares at an average sales price of $188.39 per share, for net proceeds of $105,478,000 . As of October 31, 2017 , we had $892,915,000 of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program. Forward Interest Rate Swap Agreements During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we entered into $50,000,000 and $300,000,000 , respectively, of forward interest rate swap agreements executed to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of our expected debt issuance activity in 2018. As described in this paragraph, during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we settled an aggregate of $800,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements, receiving net aggregate payments of $391,000 . In conjunction with the refinancing of three secured borrowings in May 2017, in April 2017, we settled $185,100,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability of the secured notes, making a payment of $2,326,000 . In conjunction with our May 2017 unsecured note issuance, we settled $400,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the forecasted issuance of the unsecured notes, making a payment of $1,361,000 . In conjunction with our June 2017 unsecured note issuance, we settled $214,900,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the forecasted issuance of the unsecured notes, receiving $4,078,000 . As of September 30, 2017 , we have $300,000,000 in aggregate outstanding forward interest rate swap agreements. At maturity of the remaining outstanding swap agreements, we expect to cash settle the contracts and either pay or receive cash for the then current fair value. Assuming that we issue the debt as expected, the hedging impact from these positions will then be recognized over the life of the issued debt as a yield adjustment. Future Financing and Capital Needs — Debt Maturities One of our principal long-term liquidity needs is the repayment of long-term debt at maturity. For both our unsecured and secured notes, a portion of the principal of these notes may be repaid prior to maturity. Early retirement of our unsecured or secured notes could result in gains or losses on extinguishment. If we do not have funds on hand sufficient to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due, it will be necessary for us to refinance or otherwise provide liquidity to satisfy the debt at maturity. This refinancing may be accomplished by uncollateralized private or public debt offerings, equity issuances, additional debt financing that is secured by mortgages on individual communities or groups of communities or borrowings under our Credit Facility. Although we believe we will have the capacity to meet our currently anticipated liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that additional debt financing or debt or equity offerings will be available or, if available, that they will be on terms we consider satisfactory. The following debt activity occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 : 36 Table of Contents The following table details our consolidated debt maturities for the next five years, excluding our Credit Facility and amounts outstanding related to communities classified as held for sale, for debt outstanding at September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands). We are not directly or indirectly (as borrower or guarantor) obligated in any material respect to pay principal or interest on the indebtedness of any unconsolidated entities in which we have an equity or other interest. 37 Table of Contents 38 Table of Contents _________________________ Future Financing and Capital Needs — Portfolio and Capital Markets Activity During the remainder of 2017 , we expect to meet our liquidity needs from one or more internal and external sources, which may include (i) real estate dispositions, (ii) cash balances on hand as well as cash generated from our operating activities, (iii) borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and (iv) secured and unsecured debt financings. Additional sources of liquidity in 2017 may include the issuance of common and preferred equity. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the real estate industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the perception of lenders regarding our long or short-term financial prospects. 39 Table of Contents Before beginning new construction or reconstruction activity, including activity related to communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, we intend to plan adequate financing to complete these undertakings, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such financing. In the event that financing cannot be obtained, we may have to abandon Development Rights, write off associated pre-development costs that were capitalized and/or forego reconstruction activity. In such instances, we will not realize the increased revenues and earnings that we expected from such Development Rights or reconstruction activity and significant losses could be incurred. From time to time we use joint ventures to hold or develop individual real estate assets. We generally employ joint ventures primarily to mitigate asset concentration or market risk and secondarily as a source of liquidity. We may also use joint ventures related to mixed-use land development opportunities and new markets where our partners bring development and operational expertise and/or experience to the venture. Each joint venture or partnership agreement has been individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture or partnership agreement. We cannot assure you that we will achieve our objectives through joint ventures. In evaluating our allocation of capital within our markets, we sell assets that do not meet our long-term investment criteria or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over the past business cycle and redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop and redevelop communities. Because the proceeds from the sale of communities may not be immediately redeployed into revenue generating assets that we develop, redevelop or acquire, the immediate effect of a sale of a community for a gain is to increase net income, but reduce future total revenues, total expenses and NOI until such time as the proceeds have been redeployed into revenue generating assets. We believe that the temporary absence of future cash flows from communities sold will not have a material impact on our ability to fund future liquidity and capital resource needs. Unconsolidated Real Estate Investments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Unconsolidated Investments Fund II was established to engage in a real estate acquisition program through a discretionary investment fund. We believe this investment format provides the following attributes: (i) third-party joint venture equity as an additional source of financing to expand and diversify our portfolio; (ii) additional sources of income in the form of property management and asset management fees and, potentially, incentive distributions if the performance exceeds certain thresholds; and (iii) additional visibility into the transactions occurring in multifamily assets that helps us with other investment decisions related to our wholly-owned portfolio. Fund II has six institutional investors, including us. One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner of Fund II and we have an equity investment of $2,657,000 (net of distributions), representing a 31.3% combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. Upon achievement of a threshold return, we have a right to incentive distributions for our promoted interest based on the current returns earned by Fund II, which currently represents the first 40.0% of further Fund II distributions, which are in addition to our share of the remaining 60.0% of distributions. Fund II served as the exclusive vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in 2008 through the close of its investment period in August 2011. Fund II has a term that expires in August 2020 , assuming the exercise of two , one -year extension options. In September 2017, Fund II sold its final apartment community. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , Fund II sold its final three communities containing 1,366 apartment homes for a sales price of $272,050,000 . Our share of the gain was $26,322,000 , and in addition we recognized income for our promoted interest of $26,742,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of these communities, Fund II repaid the remaining $127,179,000 of secured indebtedness at par in advance of the scheduled maturity dates. The U.S. Fund has six institutional investors, including us. We are the general partner of the U.S. Fund and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the U.S. Fund, we have an equity investment of $40,788,000 (net of distributions), representing a 28.6% combined equity interest. The U.S. Fund was formed in July 2011 and is fully invested. The U.S. Fund has a term that expires in July 2023 , assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the U.S. Fund sold one community containing 192 apartment homes for a sales price of $107,000,000 . Our share of the gain was $13,788,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of this community, the U.S. Fund repaid $32,542,000 of secured indebtedness in advance of its scheduled maturity date. This resulted in a charge for a prepayment penalty and the write-off of deferred financing costs, of which our portion was $406,000 . 40 Table of Contents The AC JV has four institutional investors, including us. Excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the AC JV, we have an equity investment of $49,936,000 (net of distributions), representing a 20.0% equity interest. The AC JV was formed in 2011. As of September 30, 2017 , we had investments in unconsolidated real estate accounted for under the equity method of accounting shown in the following table, excluding development joint ventures and Fund II, which sold its final apartment community in September 2017. Refer to Note 5, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report, which includes information on the aggregate assets, liabilities and equity, as well as operating results, and our proportionate share of their operating results. For ventures holding operating apartment communities as of September 30, 2017 , detail of the real estate and associated funding underlying our unconsolidated investments is presented in the following table (dollars in thousands). _____________________________ Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In addition to our investment interests in consolidated and unconsolidated real estate entities, we have certain off-balance sheet arrangements with the entities in which we invest. Additional discussion of these entities can be found in Note 5, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. We have not guaranteed the debt of our unconsolidated real estate entities, as referenced in the table above, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the unconsolidated real estate entities be unable to do so. In the future, in the event the unconsolidated real estate entities were unable to meet their obligations under a loan, we cannot predict at this time whether we would provide any voluntary support, or take any other action, as any such action would depend on a variety of factors, including 41 Table of Contents the amount of support required and the possibility that such support could enhance the return of the unconsolidated real estate entities and/or our returns by providing time for performance to improve. There are no other material lines of credit, side agreements, financial guarantees or any other derivative financial instruments related to or between our unconsolidated real estate entities and us. In evaluating our capital structure and overall leverage, management takes into consideration our proportionate share of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities in which we have an interest. Contractual Obligations We currently have contractual obligations consisting primarily of long-term debt obligations and lease obligations for certain land parcels and regional and administrative office space. As of September 30, 2017 , other than as discussed in this Form 10-Q, there have been no other material changes in our scheduled contractual obligations as disclosed in our Form 10-K. Development Communities As of September 30, 2017 , we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in 23 Development Communities under construction. We expect these Development Communities, when completed, to add a total of 6,888 apartment homes to our portfolio for a total capitalized cost, including land acquisition costs, of approximately $3,247,000,000 , including the total projected capitalized cost for one community being developed within an unconsolidated joint venture in which we own a 55.0% interest. We cannot assure you that we will meet our schedule for construction completion or that we will meet our budgeted costs, either individually or in the aggregate. You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with development activity. The following table presents a summary of the Development Communities. We hold a fee simple ownership interest in these communities (directly or through a wholly-owned subsidiary) unless otherwise noted in the table. 42 Table of Contents _________________________________ 43 Table of Contents During the three months ended September 30, 2017 , we completed the development of the following communities: __________________________________ We anticipate commencing the construction of four apartment communities during the balance of 2017 , which, if completed as expected, will contain 1,495 apartment homes and be constructed for a total capitalized cost of $471,600,000 . Redevelopment Communities As of September 30, 2017 , there were ten communities under active redevelopment. We expect the total capitalized cost to redevelop these communities to be $213,200,000 , excluding costs incurred prior to redevelopment. We have found that the cost to redevelop an existing apartment community is more difficult to budget and estimate than the cost to develop a new community. Accordingly, we expect that actual costs may vary from our budget by a wider range than for a new development community. We cannot assure you that we will meet our schedule for reconstruction completion or for attaining restabilized operations, or that we will meet our budgeted costs, either individually or in the aggregate. We anticipate maintaining or increasing our current level of redevelopment activity related to communities in our current operating portfolio for the remainder of 2017 . You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with redevelopment activity. 44 Table of Contents The following presents a summary of these Redevelopment Communities: ____________________________________ Development Rights At September 30, 2017 , we had $85,863,000 in acquisition and related capitalized costs for direct interests in land parcels we own, and $48,546,000 in capitalized costs (including legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs) related to Development Rights for which we control the land parcel, typically through a conditional agreement or option to purchase or lease the land. Collectively, the land held for development and associated costs for deferred development rights relate to 25 Development Rights for which we expect to develop new apartment communities in the future. The cumulative capitalized costs for land held for development as of September 30, 2017 includes $62,246,000 in original land acquisition costs. The Development Rights range from those beginning design and architectural planning to those that have completed site plans and drawings and can begin construction almost immediately. We estimate that the successful completion of all of these communities would ultimately add approximately 8,392 apartment homes to our portfolio. Substantially all of these apartment homes will offer features like those offered by the communities we currently own. For 18 Development Rights, we control the land through a conditional agreement or option to purchase or lease the parcel. While we generally prefer to hold Development Rights through conditional agreements or options to acquire land, for five Development Rights we either currently own the land, have an ownership interest in a joint venture that owns the land or have executed a long term land lease for the parcel of land on which a community would be built if we proceeded with development. In addition, two Development Rights are additional development phases of existing stabilized operating communities we own, and will be constructed on land currently associated with those operating communities. During the next 12 months we expect to commence construction of apartment communities on five of the Development Rights for which we currently own the land, with a carrying basis of $85,863,000 . 45 Table of Contents The properties comprising the Development Rights are in different stages of the due diligence and regulatory approval process. The decisions as to which of the Development Rights to invest in, if any, or to continue to pursue once an investment in a Development Right is made, are business judgments that we make after we perform financial, demographic and other analyses. In the event that we do not proceed with a Development Right, we generally would not recover any of the capitalized costs incurred in the pursuit of those communities, unless we were to recover amounts in connection with the sale of land; however, we cannot guarantee a recovery. Pre-development costs incurred in the pursuit of Development Rights for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are charged to expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we incurred a charge of approximately $2,087,000 for development pursuits that were not yet probable of future development at the time incurred, or for pursuits that we determined would not likely be developed. You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with Development Rights. The following presents a summary of the Development Rights as of September 30, 2017 : ____________________________________ Other Land and Real Estate Assets We own land parcels with a carrying value of $13,636,000 , on which we do not currently plan to develop and operate an apartment community. These parcels consist of both ancillary parcels acquired in connection with Development Rights that we had not planned to develop and land parcels which we acquired for development and now intend to sell. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we recognized an impairment charge of $9,350,000 for one land parcel that we did not plan to develop and sold in July 2017. We believe that the current carrying value for all other land parcels is such that there is no indication of impaired value, or further need to record a charge for impairment in the case of assets previously impaired. However, we may be subject to the recognition of further charges for impairment in the event that there are indicators of such impairment and we determine that the carrying value of the assets is greater than the current fair value, less costs to dispose. Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses We maintain commercial general liability insurance and property insurance with respect to all of our communities. These policies, along with other insurance policies we maintain, have policy specifications, insured and self-insured limits, exclusions and deductibles that we consider commercially reasonable. In addition, as described further below, we self-insure a portion of our exposure for commercial general liability and property losses through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. There are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from nuclear liability or acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in management’s view, economically impractical. You should carefully review the discussion under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Form 10-K for a discussion of risks associated with an uninsured property or liability loss. Many of our West Coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. Many of our communities are near, and thus susceptible to, the major fault lines in California, including the San Andreas Fault, the Hayward Fault or other 46 Table of Contents geological faults that are known or unknown. We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than our current insured levels. We procure property damage and resulting business interruption insurance coverage with limits of $175,000,000 for any single occurrence and in the annual aggregate for losses resulting from earthquakes. However for communities located in California or Washington, the limit is $150,000,000 for any single occurrence and in the annual aggregate for losses resulting from earthquakes. The deductible applicable to losses resulting from earthquakes occurring in California is five percent of the insured value of each damaged building subject to a minimum of $100,000 and a maximum of $25,000,000 per loss. Our communities are insured for property damage and business interruption losses through a combination of community specific insurance policies and/or coverage provided under a master property insurance policy covering the majority of our communities. The master policy provides a $400,000,000 limit for any single occurrence, subject to certain sublimits and exclusions. Under the master policy we are subject to a $100,000 deductible per occurrence, as well as additional self-insured retention for the next $350,000 of loss, per occurrence, until the aggregate incurred self-insured retention exceeds $1,500,000 for the policy year. Our communities are insured for third-party liability losses through a combination of community specific insurance policies and/or coverage provided under a master commercial general liability and umbrella/excess insurance policies. The master commercial general liability and umbrella/excess insurance policies cover the majority of our communities and are subject to certain coverage limitations and exclusions, and include a self-insured retention of $500,000 per occurrence. We utilize a wholly-owned captive insurance company to insure certain types and amounts of risks, which includes property damage and resulting business interruption losses, general liability insurance and other construction related liability risks. In addition to our potential liability for the various policy self-insured retentions and deductibles, our captive insurance company is directly responsible for (i) 25% of the first $50,000,000 of losses (per occurrence) incurred by the master property insurance policy and (ii) covered liability claims arising out of our commercial general liability policy, subject to a $2,000,000 per occurrence loss limit. Just as with office buildings, transportation systems and government buildings, there have been reports that apartment communities could become targets of terrorism. In January 2015, the President signed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”) which extended a program that is designed to make terrorism insurance available through a federal back-stop program. Certain communities are insured for terrorism related losses through this federal program. We have also purchased private-market insurance for property damage due to terrorism with limits of $600,000,000 per occurrence and in the annual aggregate that includes certain coverages (not covered under TRIPRA) such as domestic-based terrorism. This insurance, often referred to as “non-certified” terrorism insurance, is subject to deductibles, limits and exclusions. Our general liability policy provides terrorism coverage through TRIPRA (subject to deductibles and insured limits) for liability to third parties that result from terrorist acts at our communities. Inflation and Deflation Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. In an inflationary environment, this may allow us to realize increased rents upon renewal of existing leases or the beginning of new leases. Short-term leases generally minimize our risk from the adverse effects of inflation, although these leases generally permit residents to leave at the end of the lease term and therefore expose us to the effect of a decline in market rents. Similarly, in a deflationary rent environment, we may be exposed to declining rents more quickly under these shorter-term leases. 47 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "assume," "project," "plan," "may," "shall," "will" and other similar expressions in this Form 10-Q, that predict or indicate future events and trends and that do not report historical matters. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding our intent, belief or expectations with respect to: We cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect our current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, and therefore they may not represent our estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should carefully review the discussion under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this report, for a discussion of risks associated with forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 48 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or a different presentation of our financial statements. Our critical accounting policies consist primarily of the following: (i) principles of consolidation, (ii) cost capitalization, (iii) abandoned pursuit costs and asset impairment, (iv) REIT status and (v) acquisition of investments in real estate. Our critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed materially from the discussion of our significant accounting policies found in Management's Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K. 49 Table of Contents There have been no material changes to our exposures to market risk since December 31, 2016 . The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2017 . Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. We continue to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. During the first quarter of 2017, the Company commenced the implementation of a new construction and development management system that will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Company’s operational and financial accounting processes for construction and development related activity. This implementation is expected to continue through the end of 2017. Consistent with any process change that we implement, the design of the internal controls has and will continue to be evaluated for effectiveness as part of our overall assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. We expect that the implementation of this system will improve our internal controls over financial reporting as related to construction and development related operational and financial accounting functions. As discussed in this Form 10-Q in Note 1, "Organization, Basis and Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies - Legal and Other Contingencies," to the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, in January 2015, a fire occurred at the Company's Avalon at Edgewater apartment community in Edgewater, NJ. The Company believes that the fire was caused by sparks from a torch used during repairs being performed by a Company employee who was not a licensed plumber. The Company has since revised its maintenance policies to require that non-flame tools be used for plumbing repairs where possible or, where not possible inside the building envelope, that a qualified third party vendor perform the work in accordance with AvalonBay policies. The Company has established protocols for processing claims from third parties who suffered losses as a result of the fire, and many third parties have contacted the Company's insurance carrier and settled their claims. Through the date of this Form 10-Q, of the 229 occupied apartments destroyed in the fire, the residents of approximately 105 units have settled claims with the Company's insurer. Due to the final approval of the class settlement (referenced below), this claims process has been suspended. Three class action lawsuits have been filed against the Company on behalf of occupants of the destroyed building and consolidated in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The Company has agreed with class counsel to the terms of a settlement which provides a claims process (with agreed upon protocols for instructing the adjuster as to how to evaluate claims) and, if needed, an arbitration process to determine damage amounts to be paid to individual claimants covered by the class settlement. In July 2017 the District Court granted final approval of the class action settlement and all claims were submitted to the independent claims adjuster by September 11, 2017. A total of 66 units (consisting of residents who did not previously settle their 50 Table of Contents claims and who did not opt out of the class settlement) are included in the class action settlement and bound by its terms. However, only 42 units submitted claims. The independent claims adjuster is currently reviewing the claims submitted, which total approximately $6,800,000 , and it is expected that awards should be issued within the next two months. A fourth class action, being heard in the same federal court, was filed against the Company on behalf of residents of the second Edgewater building that suffered minimal damage. In addition to the class action lawsuits described above, 19 lawsuits representing approximately 143 individual plaintiffs have been filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey Bergen County - Law Division and are currently pending. All of these state court cases, except for one that was recently filed, have been consolidated by the court. All of these plaintiffs, except for two , formally opted out of the class action settlement described above and have decided to continue their individual actions. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the extent of damages claimed in all of the suits. The 18 consolidated lawsuits currently have a trial date of January 2, 2018. There are also six subrogation lawsuits that have been filed against the Company by insurers of Edgewater residents who obtained renters insurance; it is the Company's position that in the majority of the applicable leases the residents waived subrogation rights. One of these lawsuits has been dismissed on that basis, one is pending in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Bergen County - Law Division and the other four have been consolidated and are currently pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The District Court denied the Company's motions seeking dismissal on this basis. The Company will reassess the viability of this defense after conducting additional discovery. Having settled many third party claims through the insurance claims process, the Company currently believes that any potential remaining liability to third parties (including any potential liability to third parties determined in accordance with the class settlement described above) will not be material to the Company and will in any event be substantially covered by the Company's insurance policies. However, the Company can give no assurances in this regard and continues to evaluate this matter. The Company is involved in various other claims and/or administrative proceedings unrelated to the Edgewater casualty loss that arise in the ordinary course of its business. While no assurances can be given, the Company does not currently believe that any of these other outstanding litigation matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results discussed in our Form 10-K in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." The risks described in our Form 10-K are not the only risks that could affect the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results in the future. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since December 31, 2016 . 51 Table of Contents None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ___________________________________ None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. 52 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 53 Table of Contents 54 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 55