8-K 0001037540 0001043121 false false 0001037540 2020-05-01 2020-05-01 0001037540 srt:SubsidiariesMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-01 0001037540 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-01 0001037540 bxp:A525SeriesBCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockParvalue001PershareMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-01 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 1, 2020 BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC. BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900 , Boston , Massachusetts 02199 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 617 ) 236-3300 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Boston Properties, Inc.: Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Boston Properties Limited Partnership: Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01. Other Events. On April 28, 2020, Boston Properties, Inc. (the “Company”), the general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, issued a press release announcing its unaudited financial results for the first quarter of 2020 (the “Press Release”). Selected financial results and related information of the Company from the Press Release are filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. Additionally, the information set forth below contains business updates pertaining to the current COVID-19 pandemic, including information discussed on the conference call held by the Company on April 29, 2020. Information set forth below regarding percentages of April collections is based on all rent billed by the Company, including all amounts from consolidated operations and all unconsolidated joint ventures, other than Gateway Commons for which the Company does not handle billing. To the extent these collections related to consolidated or unconsolidated joint ventures, the impact on the Company’s net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. will depend, among other things, on the Company’s percentage interests in these joint ventures. Additional business updates pertaining to the current COVID-19 pandemic include: The Company is supplementing the risk factors described under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (the “Annual Report”) with the following risk factor, which should be read in conjunction with the other risk factors presented in the Annual Report. All references to “we,” “us” and “our” in this risk factor refer to the Company. 2 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the United States and global economies and we expect it will continue to materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and performance and that of our tenants. Since being reported in December 2019, COVID-19 has spread globally, including to every state in the United States. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency with respect to COVID-19. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is continually evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities, including those in all of the markets in which we operate, have reacted by taking measures such as prohibiting people from congregating in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders, restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate (including the types of construction projects that may proceed) and closing schools, among many others. Most of these restrictions began in earnest in March 2020 and they quickly had a material adverse impact on economic and market conditions around the world, including the United States and the markets in which our properties are located, and on us. It is possible that public health officials and governmental authorities in the markets in which we operate may impose additional restrictions in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19 or may relax or revoke existing restrictions too quickly, which could, in either case, exacerbate the severity of these adverse impacts on the economy. There is great uncertainty regarding the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on us and our tenants at this time. Factors related to COVID-19 that have had, or could have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, include: 3 4 5 The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our operations and those of our tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time. The fluidity of the situation presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and overall performance. Moreover, many risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 are heightened risks as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The preliminary financial data included in this Current Report on Form 8-K and within Exhibit 99.1 filed herewith has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, management of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not audited, reviewed, compiled, or applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the preliminary financial data. Accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by our use of the words “believes,” “budgeted,” “estimates,” “expects,” “guidance,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects” and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters. These statements are based on our current expectations of future events. You should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond the Company’s control. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statement. These factors include, without limitation, uncertainties and risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic domestically and internationally; federal, state and local government actions or restrictive measures implemented in response to COVID-19, the effectiveness of such measures and the direct and indirect impact of such measures on our and our tenants’ businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and performance, and the U.S. and international economy and economic activity generally; whether new or existing actions and measures continue to result in increasing unemployment that impacts the ability of our residential tenants to generate sufficient income to pay, or make them unwilling to pay rent in a timely manner, in full, or at all; the health, continued service and availability of our personnel, including our key personnel and property management teams; and the effectiveness or lack of effectiveness of governmental relief in providing assistance to individuals and large and small businesses, including our tenants, that have suffered significant adverse effects from COVID-19. In addition to the risks specific to COVID-19, other factors include, without limitation, the Company’s ability to satisfy the closing conditions to the pending transactions described above, the Company’s ability to enter into new leases or renew leases on favorable terms, dependence on tenants’ financial condition, the uncertainties of real estate development, acquisition and disposition activity, the ability to effectively integrate acquisitions, the uncertainties of investing in new markets, the costs and availability of financing, the effectiveness of our interest rate hedging contracts, the ability of our joint venture partners to satisfy their obligations, the effects of local, national and international economic and market conditions, the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and possible impairment charges on our operating results, the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on the Company’s accounting policies and on period-to-period comparisons of financial results, regulatory changes and other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake a duty to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 6 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . * Filed herewith. 7 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 1, 2020 8