10-Q 1 crowncastle10q093017.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ____________________________________ FORM 10-Q ____________________________________ For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017 OR For the transition period to Commission File Number 001-16441 ____________________________________ CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ____________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x Number of shares of common stock outstanding at November 2, 2017 : 406,275,091 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q") contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management's expectations as of the filing date of this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Statements that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "likely," "predicted," "positioned," any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include plans, projections and estimates contained in "Part I—Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") and "Part I—Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" herein. Such forward-looking statements include (1) expectations regarding anticipated growth in the wireless industry, carriers' investments in their networks, tenant additions, customer consolidation or ownership changes, or demand for our wireless infrastructure, (2) expectations regarding non-renewals of tenant leases (including the impact of our customers' decommissioning of the former Leap Wireless, MetroPCS and Clearwire networks (collectively, "Acquired Networks")), (3) availability and adequacy of cash flows and liquidity for, or plans regarding, future discretionary investments, including capital expenditures, (4) potential benefits of our discretionary investments, including acquisitions, (5) anticipated growth in our financial results, including future revenues, margins, Adjusted EBITDA, segment site rental gross margin, segment network services and other gross margin, segment operating profit, and operating cash flows, (6) expectations regarding our capital structure and the credit markets, our availability and cost of capital, or our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants and the plans for and the benefits of any future refinancings, (7) expectations related to remaining qualified as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") and the advantages, benefits or impact of, or opportunities created by, our REIT status, (8) the realization and utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), and (9) our dividend policy and the timing, amount, growth or tax characterization of any dividends. Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions, risk factors described in "Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors" herein and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (" 2016 Form 10-K") and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. 1 PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) (In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts) ________________ See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In thousands of dollars) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share data) (Unaudited) 5 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share data) (Unaudited) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The information contained in the following notes to the consolidated financial statements is condensed from that which would appear in the annual consolidated financial statements; accordingly, the consolidated financial statements included herein should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 , and related notes thereto, included in the 2016 Form 10-K filed by Crown Castle International Corp. ("CCIC") with the SEC. Capitalized terms used but not defined in these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements have the same meaning given to them in our 2016 Form 10-K. References to the "Company" include CCIC and its predecessor, as applicable, and their subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context indicates otherwise. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. The Company owns, operates and leases shared wireless infrastructure that has been acquired or constructed over time and is geographically dispersed throughout the United States and Puerto Rico ("U.S."), including: (1) towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), and (2) fiber primarily supporting small cell networks and fiber based solutions (collectively, "small cells" and, together with towers, "wireless infrastructure"). The Company's core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to its shared wireless infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including licenses, subleases and lease agreements. The Company's operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Small Cells. See note 10 . As part of the Company's effort to provide comprehensive wireless infrastructure solutions, the Company offers certain network services relating to its wireless infrastructure, consisting of (1) site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations on its wireless infrastructure, including: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations. The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Company has certain taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"). See note 6 . Approximately 53% of the Company's towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. The Company has the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Basis of Presentation The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein are unaudited; however, they include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to state fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company at September 30, 2017 , and the consolidated results of operations and the consolidated cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 . The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements are disclosed in the 2016 Form 10-K, other than certain recent accounting pronouncements described below. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements No accounting pronouncements adopted during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 had a material impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In May 2014, the FASB released updated guidance regarding the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers, exclusive of those contracts within lease accounting. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contracts with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the contract price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. This guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, following the FASB's July 2015 decision to defer the effective date of the standard by one year. This guidance is required to be applied, at the Company's election, either (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or (2) with the cumulative effect being recognized at the date of initial application. The Company expects to adopt the guidance effective January 1, 2018 with the cumulative effect being recognized at the date of initial application, and does not expect the guidance to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments for all leases with a term greater than 12 months. The accounting for lessors remains largely unchanged from existing guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2019 and is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. Early adoption is permitted, however, the Company does not expect to early adopt the new guidance. The Company (1) has established and is progressing through the various steps of a cross functional project plan to assess the impact of the standard; (2) expects this guidance to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated balance sheet due to the addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all lessee arrangements with a term greater than 12 months; and (3) continues to assess additional impacts to its condensed consolidated financial statements, including the condensed consolidated statement of operations and the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. In February 2017, the FASB issued new guidance which clarifies the scope and application on accounting for the de-recognition of non-financial assets and in substance non-financial assets, including sales and partial sales of real estate assets. The new guidance also eliminates the existing industry specific guidance for partial sales of real estate, and requires full gain recognition upon partial sales of real estate. The guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2018. The guidance may be early adopted, but must be adopted concurrently with the FASB's May 2014 guidance on revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance is required to be applied, at the Company's election, either (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or (2) with the cumulative effect being recognized at the date of initial application. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. FiberNet Acquisition On November 1, 2016, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FPL FiberNet Holdings, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of NextEra Energy, Inc. (collectively, "FiberNet") for approximately $1.5 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments ("FiberNet Acquisition"). FiberNet is a fiber services provider in Florida and Texas that, as of the agreement date, owned or had rights to approximately 11,500 route miles of fiber installed or under construction, inclusive of approximately 6,000 route miles in top metro markets. On January 17, 2017 , the Company closed the FiberNet Acquisition which was financed using proceeds from its November 2016 Equity Financing and borrowings under the 2016 Revolver (see note 4). The preliminary purchase price allocation for the FiberNet Acquisition is shown below and is based upon a preliminary valuation which is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information with respect to fixed assets, intangible assets and certain liabilities. 8 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Net revenues attributable to the FiberNet Acquisition are included in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) since the date the acquisition was completed. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the FiberNet Acquisition contributed $109.0 million to consolidated net revenues. Wilcon Acquisition On April 17, 2017 , the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wilcon Holdings LLC ("Wilcon") from Pamlico Holdings and other unit holders of Wilcon for approximately $600 million in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments ("Wilcon Acquisition"). Wilcon is a fiber services provider that owns approximately 1,900 route miles of fiber, primarily in Los Angeles and San Diego. On June 26, 2017 , the Company closed the Wilcon Acquisition, which was financed using proceeds from the May 2017 Equity Financing (as defined in note 9 ) and the 4.75% Senior Notes (as defined in note 4 ). The preliminary purchase price of approximately $600 million was primarily comprised of other intangible assets (predominantly comprised of site rental contracts and customer relationships) of approximately $140 million , property and equipment of approximately $150 million , goodwill of approximately $360 million , offset by deferred revenues of approximately $40 million . The preliminary purchase price allocation for the Wilcon Acquisition resulted in the recognition of goodwill based on (1) the Company's expectation to leverage the Wilcon fiber footprint to support new small cell networks and fiber based solutions, (2) the complementary nature of the Wilcon fiber to the Company's existing fiber assets and its location primarily in Los Angeles and San Diego, where the Company expects to see wireless carrier network investments, (3) the Company's belief that the acquired fiber assets are well positioned to benefit from the continued growth trends in the wireless industry, and (4) other intangibles not qualified for separate recognition, including the assembled workforce. The preliminary purchase price allocation for the Wilcon Acquisition is based upon a preliminary valuation which is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information with respect to fixed assets, intangible assets and certain liabilities. Lightower Acquisition On July 18, 2017, the Company announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire LTS Group Holdings LLC ("Lightower") from Berkshire Partners, Pamlico Capital and other investors for approximately $7.1 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments ("Lightower Acquisition"). Lightower owns or has rights to approximately 32,000 route miles of fiber located primarily in top metro markets in the Northeast, including Boston, New York and Philadelphia. On November 1, 2017 , the Company closed the Lightower Acquisition, which was financed using (1) cash on hand, including proceeds from the July 2017 Equity Financings and August 2017 Senior Notes Offering, and (2) borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. Due to the proximity of the closing of the Lightower Acquisition to the 10-Q filing date, the Company was not able to determine the preliminary purchase price allocation or provide pro forma financial information as of the date of this report. See note 12 . 9 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 10 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Senior Notes Offering"). The Company used the net proceeds of the August 2017 Senior Notes Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. See notes 3 and 12. Contractual Maturities The following are the scheduled contractual maturities of the total debt and other long-term obligations of the Company outstanding as of September 30, 2017 . These maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes. Interest Expense and Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs The components of interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs are as follows: The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate the carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its debt securities based on indicative, non-binding quotes from brokers. Quotes from brokers require judgment and are based on the brokers' interpretation of market information, including implied credit spreads for similar borrowings on recent trades or bid/ask prices or quotes from active markets if available. There were no changes since December 31, 2016 in the Company's valuation techniques used to measure fair values. The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the Company is generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that it pays and therefore is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its net taxable income that is currently distributed to its stockholders. The Company also may be subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on its income and assets, including (1) alternative minimum taxes, (2) taxes on any undistributed income, (3) taxes related to the TRSs, (4) certain state, local, or foreign income taxes, (5) franchise taxes, (6) property taxes, and (7) transfer taxes. In addition, the Company could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code") to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. 11 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company's TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. The Company's foreign assets and operations (including its tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether they are included in a TRS or not. For the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 , the Company's effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to the Company's REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. Basic net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share, excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017, diluted net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus any potential dilutive common share equivalents, including shares issuable (1) upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units as determined under the treasury stock method and (2) upon conversion of the Company's 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (as defined in note 9), as determined under the if-converted method. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, diluted net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus any potential dilutive common share equivalents, including shares issuable (1) upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units as determined under the treasury stock method and (2) upon conversion of the Company's previously outstanding 4.50% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which converted to common stock during the fourth quarter of 2016, as determined under the if-converted method. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company granted 1.3 million restricted stock units. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017 , 15.9 million common share equivalents related to the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were excluded from the dilutive common shares because the impact of such conversion would be anti-dilutive, based on the Company's common stock price as of September 30, 2017. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , 11.6 million common share equivalents related to the previously outstanding 4.50% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were excluded from the dilutive common shares because the impact of such conversion would be anti-dilutive, based on the Company's common stock price as of September 30, 2016. 12 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company is involved in various claims, lawsuits or proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While there are uncertainties inherent in the ultimate outcome of such matters and it is impossible to presently determine the ultimate costs or losses that may be incurred, if any, management believes the resolution of such uncertainties and the incurrence of such costs should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. Additionally, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are contingently liable for commitments or performance guarantees arising in the ordinary course of business, including certain letters of credit or surety bonds. In addition, the Company has the option to purchase approximately 53% of the Company's towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Declaration and Payment of Dividends During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the following dividends were declared and paid: See note 12 for a discussion of the Company's October 2017 declaration of its quarterly common stock dividend. Purchases of the Company's Common Stock For the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , the Company purchased 0.3 million shares of its common stock utilizing $23.0 million in cash. The common stock shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. "At the Market" Stock Offering Program The Company maintains an "at the market" stock offering program ("ATM Program") through which it may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate cumulative gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to specific instructions of the Company, at negotiated prices. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , 0.2 million shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of $22.0 million after giving effect to sales agent commissions of $0.2 million . As of September 30, 2017 , the Company had approximately $150 million of gross sales of common stock availability remaining under the ATM Program. May 2017 Equity Financing On May 1, 2017 , the Company completed an offering of 4.75 million shares of its common stock, which generated net proceeds of approximately $442 million ("May 2017 Equity Financing"). The Company used the net proceeds of the May 2017 Equity Financing to partially fund the Wilcon Acquisition. 13 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) July 2017 Equity Financings On July 26, 2017 , the Company completed an offering of 40.15 million shares of common stock, including certain additional shares sold pursuant to the underwriters' option, which generated net proceeds of approximately $3.8 billion ("July 2017 Common Stock Offering"). The Company used the net proceeds of the July 2017 Common Stock Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. See note 12. On July 26, 2017 , the Company completed an offering of 1.65 million shares of the Company's 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $0.01 per share, at $1,000 per share ("6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock"), including certain additional shares sold pursuant to the underwriters' option, which generated net proceeds of approximately $1.6 billion ("Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Offering"). The Company used the net proceeds from the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. See note 12. The holders of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends, when and if declared by the Company's board of directors, at the rate of 6.875% on the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. The dividends may be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of the Company's common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on November 1, 2017 and to, and including, August 1, 2020. The terms of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock provide that, unless accumulated dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding shares of 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on common stock. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on August 1, 2020 into between 8.6806 and 10.4167 shares of the Company's common stock, depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to August 1, 2020, holders of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 8.6806 , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. The July 2017 Common Stock Offering and Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Offering are collectively referred to herein as "July 2017 Equity Financings." 14 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company's operating segments are (1) Towers and (2) Small Cells. The Towers segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's approximately 40,000 towers geographically dispersed throughout the U.S. The Towers segment also reflects certain network services relating to the Company's towers, consisting of site development services and installation services. The Small Cells segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's approximately 32,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cell networks and fiber based solutions. The measurements of profit or loss used by the Company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the results of operations of its operating segments are (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, and (3) segment operating profit. The Company defines segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. Costs that are directly attributable to Towers and Small Cells are assigned to those respective segments. The "Other" column (1) represents amounts excluded from specific segments, such as restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other income (expense), cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income (loss) from discontinued operations, and stock-based compensation expense, and (2) reconciles segment operating profit to income (loss) before income taxes, as the amounts are not utilized in assessing each segment’s performance. The "Other" total assets balance includes corporate assets such as cash and cash equivalents which have not been allocated to specific segments. There are no significant revenues resulting from transactions between the Company's operating segments. 15 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 16 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 17 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Lightower Acquisition On November 1, 2017 , the Company closed the Lightower Acquisition. See note 3 for further discussion of the Lightower Acquisition. Common Stock Dividend On October 15, 2017 , the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $1.05 per share. The common stock dividend will be paid on December 29, 2017 to common stockholders of record as of December 15, 2017 . 18 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the response to Part I, Item 1 of this report and the consolidated financial statements of the Company including the related notes and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") included in our 2016 Form 10-K. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Item have the same meaning given to them in our 2016 Form 10-K. Unless this Form 10-Q indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "our company," "the company," or "us" as used in this Form 10-Q refer to Crown Castle International Corp., and its predecessor, as applicable, and their subsidiaries. General Overview Overview We own, operate and lease shared wireless infrastructure that has been acquired or constructed over time and is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., and which consists of (1) approximately 40,000 towers and (2) over 60,000 route miles of fiber, after giving effect to the Lightower Acquisition, primarily supporting small cell networks and fiber based solutions. Our towers have a significant presence in the top 100 basic trading areas ("BTAs"), and the majority of our fiber is located in major metropolitan areas. Site rental revenues represented 84% of our third quarter 2017 consolidated net revenues. Our Towers operating segment and Small Cells operating segment accounted for 81% and 19% of our third quarter 2017 site rental revenues, respectively. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements . The vast majority of our site rental revenues is of a recurring nature and was contracted for in a prior year. Strategy Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. The key elements of our strategy are to: 19 Our strategy to create long-term stockholder value is based on our belief that additional demand for our wireless infrastructure will be created by the expected continued growth in the demand for wireless connectivity. We believe that such demand for our wireless infrastructure will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing wireless infrastructure, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for new wireless infrastructure. Business Fundamentals and Results The following are certain highlights of our business fundamentals and results as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 . 20 Lightower Acquisition In July 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Lightower for approximately $7.1 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments. On November 1, 2017, we closed the Lightower Acquisition, which was financed using (1) cash on hand, including the proceeds from the July 2017 Equity Offerings and August 2017 Senior Notes Offering, and (2) borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. Lightower owns or has rights to approximately 32,000 route miles of fiber located primarily in top metro markets in the Northeast, including Boston, New York and Philadelphia. See notes 3 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Outlook Highlights The following are certain highlights of our full year 2017 and 2018 outlook that impact our business fundamentals described above. 21 Results of Operations The following discussion of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2016 Form 10-K. The following discussion of our results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts (see "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2016 Form 10-K). Our operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Small Cells. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our operating segments. See "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Non-GAAP and Segment Financial Measures" for a discussion of our use of (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, (3) segment operating profit, including their respective definitions, and (4) Adjusted EBITDA, including its definition, and a reconciliation to net income (loss). Highlights of the Company's results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 are depicted below. Site rental revenues grew $80.7 million , or 10% , from the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the three months ended September 30, 2017 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: 22 Towers site rental revenues for the third quarter of 2017 were $724.8 million and increased by $15.2 million , or 2% , from $709.6 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, acquisitions, and non-renewals of tenant leases predominately arising from our customers' decommissioning of the Acquired Networks. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. Small Cells site rental revenues for the third quarter of 2017 were $168.0 million and increased by $65.5 million , or 64% , from $102.4 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Small Cells site rental revenues was predominately impacted by (1) $37.9 million from the FiberNet Acquisition completed in January 2017, (2) $13.3 million from the Wilcon Acquisition completed in June 2017 and (3) the leasing of newly constructed small cells. Demand for small cells was influenced by our customers' growing adoption of small cells as an important component of their network strategy to provide capacity and relieve network congestion. The increase in Towers site rental gross margin was related to the previously mentioned 2% increase in Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. The increase in Small Cells site rental gross margin was predominately related to the previously mentioned 64% increase in Small Cells site rental revenues. Towers network services and other gross margin was $62.2 million for the third quarter of 2017 and decreased by $7.4 million , or 11% , from $69.6 million during the same period in the prior year, which is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. General and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2017 were $100.8 million and increased by $ 10.9 million , or approximately 12% , from $89.9 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our Small Cells business as a result of activities such as (1) the FiberNet Acquisition, (2) the Wilcon Acquisition and (3) the continued expansion of our Small Cells segment. 23 Towers operating profit for the third quarter of 2017 increased by $5.8 million , or 1% , from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit was primarily impacted by the growth in our Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. Small Cells operating profit for the third quarter of 2017 increased by $40.4 million , or 76% , from the same period in the prior year. Small Cells operating profit was positively impacted by the FiberNet Acquisition, the Wilcon Acquisition and the leasing of newly constructed small cells. Adjusted EBITDA increased $40.7 million , or 7% , from the third quarter of 2016 to the third quarter of 2017 . Adjusted EBITDA was primarily impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both Towers and Small Cells, including the FiberNet Acquisition and Wilcon Acquisition as discussed above. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $296.0 million for the third quarter of 2017 and increased by $15.2 million , or 5% , from $280.8 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the FiberNet Acquisition and Wilcon Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $154.1 million for the third quarter of 2017 and increased by $24.2 million , from $129.9 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our outstanding indebtedness due to acquisitions, including the FiberNet Acquisition, the Wilcon Acquisition and the Lightower Acquisition. See notes 3 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. As a result of repaying certain of our debt, in conjunction with our refinancing activities, we incurred a loss of $10.3 million for the third quarter of 2016 . See our 2016 Form 10-K for further discussion of our first quarter 2016 refinancing activities. For the third quarter of 2017 and 2016 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2016 Form 10-K. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $115.2 million during the third quarter of 2017 compared to income of $98.4 million during the third quarter of 2016 . The increase was predominately related to net growth in both our Towers and Small Cells segments as well as a decrease in the losses on retirement of long-term obligations, partially offset by an increase in expenses, including (1) interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, (2) depreciation, amortization, and accretion, and (3) general and administrative expenses. Highlights of the Company's results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 are depicted below. 24 Site rental revenues grew $202.6 million , or 8% , from the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the nine months ended September 30, 2017 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: Towers site rental revenues for the first nine months of 2017 were $2.2 billion and increased by $40.8 million , or 2% , from the same period in the prior year. The increase in Towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, acquisitions (including the TDC Acquisition in April 2016), and non-renewals of tenant leases predominately arising from our customers' decommissioning of the Acquired Networks. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. Small Cells site rental revenues for the first nine months of 2017 were $459.5 million and increased by $161.7 million , or 54% , from $297.8 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Small Cells site rental revenue was predominately impacted by (1) an increase of $106.7 million from the FiberNet Acquisition completed in January 2017, (2) an increase of $13.3 million from the Wilcon Acquisition completed in June 2017 and (3) the leasing of newly constructed small cells. Demand for small cells was influenced by our customers' growing adoption of small cells as an important component of their network strategy to provide capacity and relieve network congestion. The increase in Towers site rental gross margin was related to the previously mentioned 2% increase in Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. The increase in Small Cells site rental gross margin was predominately related to the previously mentioned 54% increase in Small Cells site rental revenues. Towers network services and other gross margin was $185.0 million for the first nine months of 2017 and remained consistent with the same period in the prior year. Towers network service and other gross margin can fluctuate based on (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. 25 General and administrative expenses for the first nine months of 2017 were $299.2 million and increased by $20.3 million , or approximately 7% , from $278.9 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our Small Cells business as a result of activities such as (1) the FiberNet Acquisition, (2) the Wilcon Acquisition and (3) the continued expansion of our Small Cells segment. Towers operating profit for the first nine months of 2017 increased by $32.9 million , or 2% , from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. Small Cells operating profit for the first nine months of 2017 increased by $102.8 million , or 68% , from the same period in the prior year. Small Cells operating profit was positively impacted by the previously mentioned FiberNet Acquisition, Wilcon Acquisition and the leasing of newly constructed small cells. Adjusted EBITDA increased $121.8 million , or 7% , from the first nine months of 2016 to the first nine months of 2017 . Adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both Towers and Small Cells, including the TDC Acquisition, the FiberNet Acquisition and the Wilcon Acquisition. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $880.2 million for the first nine months of 2017 and increased by $45.5 million , or 5% , from $834.7 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the FiberNet Acquisition and Wilcon Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $430.4 million for the first nine months of 2017 and increased $44.7 million , or 12% , from $385.7 million during the first nine months of 2016 . The increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our outstanding indebtedness due to acquisitions, including the FiberNet Acquisition, the Wilcon Acquisition and the Lightower Acquisition. As a result of repaying certain of our debt, in conjunction with our refinancing activities, we incurred losses of $3.5 million and $52.3 million for the first nine months of 2017 and 2016 , respectively. See note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. For the first nine months of 2017 and 2016 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2016 Form 10-K. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $346.4 million compared to income of $232.3 million during the first nine months of 2016 . The increase was predominately due to growth in both our Towers and Small Cells segments as well as a decrease in the losses on retirement of long-term obligations, partially offset by an increase in expenses, including (1) interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, (2) depreciation, amortization, and accretion, and (3) general and administrative expenses. 26 Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview General. Our core business generates revenues under long-term leases (see "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Overview" ) predominately from the largest U.S. wireless carriers. Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends, and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. We have engaged and expect to continue to engage in discretionary investments that we believe will maximize long-term stockholder value. Our historical discretionary investments include (in no particular order): purchasing our common stock, acquiring or constructing wireless infrastructure, acquiring land interests under towers, improving and structurally enhancing our existing wireless infrastructure, and purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. We have recently spent and expect to continue to spend a significant percentage of our discretionary investments on the construction of small cell networks. We seek to fund our discretionary investments with both net cash provided by operating activities and cash available from financing capacity, such as the use of our undrawn availability from the 2016 Revolver, debt financings and issuances of equity or equity related securities, including under our ATM Program. We seek to maintain a capital structure that we believe drives long-term stockholder value and optimizes our weighted-average cost of capital. We target a leverage ratio of approximately four to five times Adjusted EBITDA and interest coverage of approximately three times Adjusted EBITDA, subject to various factors, such as the availability and cost of capital and the potential long-term return on our discretionary investments. We may choose to increase or decrease our leverage or coverage from these targets for various periods of time. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to continue to pay minimal cash income taxes as a result of our REIT status and our NOLs. See note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2016 Form 10-K. Liquidity Position. The following is a summary of our capitalization and liquidity position as of September 30, 2017 , after giving effect to the closing of the Lightower Acquisition. See "Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt. Over the next 12 months: 27 Summary Cash Flow Information Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2017 increased $112.6 million , or 9%, compared to the first nine months of 2016 , due to growth in our business and a net benefit from other changes in working capital. We expect to grow our net cash provided by operating activities in the future (exclusive of movements in working capital) if we realize expected growth in our core business. Investing Activities Net cash used for investing activities for the first nine months of 2017 increased $1.8 billion from the first nine months of 2016 as a result of the FiberNet Acquisition and the Wilcon Acquisition (see note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion). Acquisitions. See note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the FiberNet Acquisition and the Wilcon Acquisition. See notes 3 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the Lightower Acquisition. Capital Expenditures Our capital expenditures are categorized as discretionary or sustaining, as described below. 28 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 were as follows: Discretionary capital expenditures were impacted by the construction of small cell networks and lower amounts of improvements to existing towers. See also "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Outlook Highlights" for our expectations surrounding 2017 and 2018 capital expenditures. Financing Activities We seek to allocate cash generated by our operations in a manner that will enhance long-term stockholder value, which may include various financing activities such as (in no particular order) paying dividends on our common stock (currently expected to total over the next 12 months at least $4.20 per share, or an aggregate amount of at least $1.7 billion , subject to future approval by our board of directors), paying dividends on our 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (expected to total over the next 12 months approximately $113 million), purchasing our common stock, or purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. Net cash provided by financing activities for the first nine months of 2017 increased $8.0 billion from the first nine months of 2016 as a result of our financing activities during the first nine months of 2017 described below. Credit Facility. In February 2017, we entered into an amendment to the 2016 Credit Facility to (1) incur additional term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million and (2) extend the maturity of both the 2016 Term Loan A and the 2016 Revolver to January 2022. See note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In August 2017, we entered into an amendment to the 2016 Credit Facility to (1) increase the commitments under the 2016 Revolver by $1.0 billion, for total commitments of $3.5 billion, and (2) extend the maturity of both the 2016 Term Loan A and the 2016 Revolver to August 2022. See note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. The proceeds of our 2016 Revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of capital expenditures, acquisitions and purchases of our common stock. As of November 2, 2017 , there was $655 million outstanding and $2.8 billion in undrawn availability under our 2016 Revolver. See notes 4 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 29 Incurrence, Purchases, and Repayments of Debt. In February 2017, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.0% Senior Notes with a final maturity date of March 2027. We utilized the proceeds to repay a portion of the borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. See note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In May 2017, we issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due May 2047. We used the proceeds of the 4.75% Senior Notes offering to partially fund the Wilcon Acquisition and to repay a portion of the borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. See notes 3 and 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In August 2017, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.2% Senior Notes due September 2024 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.65% Senior Notes due September 2027. The Company used the net proceeds of the August 2017 Senior Notes Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. See notes 3, 4 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Common Stock Activity. As of September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , we had 406.3 million and 360.5 million common shares outstanding, respectively. In May 2017, we completed the May 2017 Equity Financing, in which we issued 4.75 million shares of common stock and generated net proceeds of approximately $443 million. We used the proceeds of the May 2017 Equity Financing to partially fund the Wilcon Acquisition. See notes 3 and 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In July 2017, we completed the July 2017 Common Stock Offering, in which we issued 40.15 million shares of common stock and generated net proceeds of approximately $3.8 billion . We used the net proceeds of the July 2017 Common Stock Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. See notes 3 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. See notes 9 and 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our common stock dividends. Convertible Preferred Stock Activity . In July 2017, we issued 1.65 million shares of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and generated net proceeds of approximately $1.6 billion . We used the net proceeds of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Offering to partially fund the Lightower Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of our common stock on August 1, 2020. Currently, each share of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into between 8.6806 shares (based on the current maximum conversion price of $115.20) and 10.4167 shares (based on the current minimum conversion price of $96.00) of common stock, depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to August 1, 2020, holders of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 8.6806 shares of common stock per share of 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. See note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Offering. ATM Program. We maintain an ATM stock offering program through which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate cumulative gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. We intend to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , 0.2 million shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of $22.0 million . As of November 2, 2017 , we had approximately $150 million of gross sales of common stock availability remaining on our ATM Program. See note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Debt Covenants The credit agreement governing the 2016 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants. We are currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants, and based upon our current expectations, we believe we will continue to comply with our financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of our debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on us and may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase our securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. See our 2016 Form 10-K for a further discussion of our debt covenants, certain restrictive covenants and factors that are likely to determine our subsidiaries' ability to comply with current and future debt covenants. 30 Accounting and Reporting Matters Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe (1) are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations or (2) require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies and estimates for 2017 are not intended to be a comprehensive list of our accounting policies and estimates. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically prescribed by GAAP. In other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. Our critical accounting policies and estimates as of December 31, 2016 are described in "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters" and in note 2 of our consolidated financial statements in our 2016 Form 10-K. The critical accounting policies and estimates for the first nine months of 2017 have not changed from the critical accounting policies for the year ended December 31, 2016 . Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Non-GAAP and Segment Financial Measures We use earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and accretion, as adjusted ("Adjusted EBITDA"), which is a non-GAAP measure, as an indicator of consolidated financial performance. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including companies in the wireless infrastructure sector or other REITs, and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP and should be considered only as a supplement to net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. There are material limitations to using a measure such as Adjusted EBITDA, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company, including our competitors, and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income or loss. Management compensates for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with their analysis of net income (loss). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other income (expense), benefit (provision) for income taxes, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income (loss) from discontinued operations and stock-based compensation expense. The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss) is set forth below and excludes items in the Company's Adjusted EBITDA definition which are not applicable to the periods shown. 31 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors or other interested parties in evaluating our financial performance because: Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA: 32 In addition to the non-GAAP measures used herein and as discussed in note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we also provide (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, and (3) segment operating profit, which are key measures used by management to evaluate our operating segments for purposes of making decisions about allocating capital and assessing performance. These segment measures are provided pursuant to GAAP requirements related to segment reporting. We define segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated site rental cost of operations. We define segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated network services and other cost of operations. We define segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. 33 The following section updates "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our 2016 Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with that report as well as our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report. Interest Rate Risk Our interest rate risk relates primarily to the impact of interest rate movements on the following, after giving effect to the closing of the Lightower Acquisition: Over the next 12 months, we have no debt maturities other than principal payments on amortizing debt. We currently have no interest rate swaps. Sensitivity Analysis We manage our exposure to market interest rates on our existing debt by controlling the mix of fixed and floating rate debt. As of September 30, 2017 , after giving effect to the closing of the Lightower Acquisition, we had $3.1 billion of floating rate debt, none of which had LIBOR floors. As a result, a hypothetical unfavorable fluctuation in market interest rates on our existing debt of 1/8 of a percent point over a 12 month period would increase our interest expense by approximately $4 million . Tabular Information The following table provides information about our market risk related to changes in interest rates. The future principal payments and weighted-average interest rates are presented as of September 30, 2017 , after giving effect to the the closing of the Lightower Acquisition. These debt maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the impact of the principal payments that commence if the applicable debt is not repaid or refinanced on or prior to the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes (see footnote (c) to the table below). The information presented below regarding the variable rate debt is supplementary to our sensitivity analysis regarding the impact of changes in the interest rates. See notes 4 and 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2016 Form 10-K for additional information regarding our debt. 34 Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information relating to the Company required to be included in the Company's periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. PART II—OTHER INFORMATION See the disclosure in note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which disclosure is hereby incorporated herein by reference. You should carefully consider the risk factors below, as well as the other information contained in this document and our 2016 Form 10-K. Based on recent activities, including the Lightower Acquisition, we have added the following risk factors. We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Lightower Acquisition or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We may also encounter significant difficulties in integrating Lightower’s business. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Lightower Acquisition will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the Lightower business into ours. The integration of an independent business into our business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. As a result, we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrate Lightower’s business practices and operations with ours, including a larger fiber solutions business than we currently manage. The integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, would restrict the realization of the full expected benefits. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating Lightower’s business and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the Company after the acquisition and could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we could also encounter additional transaction-related costs or other factors, which could cause dilution or decrease or delay the expected benefits of the Lightower Acquisition and cause a decrease in the market price of our common stock. Finally, if the Lightower Acquisition does not provide the level of contribution we currently anticipate, our expectation of future dividends, including dividend growth, on our common stock would be negatively impacted. If we fail to pay scheduled dividends on the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in cash, common stock, or any combination of cash and common stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our status as a REIT. The terms of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock provide that, unless accumulated dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on our common stock. If that were to occur, the inability to pay dividends on our common stock might jeopardize our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 35 The following table summarizes information with respect to purchase of our equity securities during the third quarter of 2017 : We paid $0.4 million in cash to effect these purchases. The shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. 36 Exhibit Index 37 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 38