10-Q 1 crowncastle10q093018.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ____________________________________ FORM 10-Q ____________________________________ For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018 OR For the transition period to Commission File Number 001-16441 ____________________________________ CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ____________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x Number of shares of common stock outstanding at November 2, 2018 : 414,850,442 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q") contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management's expectations as of the filing date of this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Statements that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "likely," "predicted," "positioned," "continue" and any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include plans, projections and estimates contained in "Part I—Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") and "Part I—Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" herein. Such forward-looking statements include (1) expectations regarding anticipated growth in the wireless industry, carriers' investments in their networks, tenant additions, and demand for data and our communications infrastructure, (2) expectations regarding our communications infrastructure and the potential benefits that may be derived therefrom, (3) availability and adequacy of cash flows and liquidity for, or plans regarding, future discretionary investments, including capital expenditures, (4) potential benefits of our discretionary investments, including acquisitions, (5) our full year 2018 outlook and the anticipated growth in our financial results, including future revenues and operating cash flows, (6) expectations regarding construction of small cells and fiber, (7) expectations regarding our capital structure and the credit markets, our availability and cost of capital, our leverage ratio and interest coverage targets, and our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants and the plans for and the benefits of any future refinancings, (8) expectations regarding loss on retirement of debt, (9) expectations related to remaining qualified as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") and the advantages, benefits or impact of, or opportunities created by, our REIT status, (10) the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), (11) expectations related to the impact of customer consolidation or ownership changes, including the potential combination of T-Mobile and Sprint and (12) our dividend policy and the timing, amount, growth or tax characterization of any dividends. All future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors. Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions, risk factors described in "Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors" herein and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 (" 2017 Form 10-K") and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. 1 Interpretation As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. Unless this Form 10-Q indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms, "we," "our," "our company," "the company" or "us" as used in this Form 10-Q refer to Crown Castle International Corp. and its predecessor (organized in 1995), as applicable, each a Delaware corporation (together, "CCIC"), and their subsidiaries. Additionally, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "U.S." are to the United States of America and Puerto Rico, collectively. 2 PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) (Amounts in millions, except par values) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) (Amounts in millions, except per share amounts) ________________ See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In millions of dollars) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (Amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 6 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (Amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 7 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) The information contained in the following notes to the consolidated financial statements is condensed from that which would appear in the annual consolidated financial statements; accordingly, the consolidated financial statements included herein should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 , and related notes thereto, included in the 2017 Form 10-K filed by Crown Castle International Corp. ("CCIC") with the SEC. Capitalized terms used but not defined in these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements have the same meaning given to them in our 2017 Form 10-K. References to the "Company" include CCIC and its predecessor, as applicable, and their subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context indicates otherwise. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "U.S." are to the United States of America and Puerto Rico, collectively. The Company owns, operates and leases shared communications infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., including (1) towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), and (2) fiber primarily supporting small cell networks ("small cells") and fiber solutions. The Company's towers, fiber and small cells assets are collectively referred to herein as "communications infrastructure," and the Company's customers on its communications infrastructure are referred to herein as "tenants." The Company's core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to its shared communications infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including lease, license, sublease and service agreements (collectively, "contracts"). The Company's operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Fiber. See note 11 . As part of the Company's effort to provide comprehensive communications infrastructure solutions, the Company offers certain network services relating to its communications infrastructure, consisting of (1) site development services primarily relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations on its towers and small cells, including: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting (collectively, "site development services") and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations (collectively, "installation services"). The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Company has certain taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"). See note 7 . Approximately 53% of the Company's towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. The Company has the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Basis of Presentation The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein are unaudited; however, they include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to state fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company at September 30, 2018 , and the consolidated results of operations and the consolidated cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 . The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company has changed its presentation from thousands to millions and, as a result, any necessary rounding adjustments have been made to prior year disclosed amounts. 8 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements are disclosed in the 2017 Form 10-K, other than as updated by certain recent accounting pronouncements described below. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB released updated guidance regarding the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers not otherwise addressed by specific guidance (commonly referred to as "ASC 606" or "the revenue recognition standard"). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contracts with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the contract price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. This guidance was effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. This guidance was required to be applied, at the Company's election, either (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or (2) under the modified retrospective method, with the cumulative effect being recognized at the date of initial application. Given the nature of the Company’s contracts with customers, the Company’s pattern of revenue recognition is not impacted by the adoption of the revenue recognition standard. The Company adopted the revenue recognition standard under the modified retrospective method, and the Company's adoption of the revenue recognition standard did not result in any adjustment to the balance of dividends/distributions in excess of earnings as of January 1, 2018. See note 4 for further discussion regarding the Company’s revenues. In November 2016, the FASB issued new guidance which requires an entity's statement of cash flows to explain the change in restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in addition to the change in cash and cash equivalents. This new guidance also requires an entity that includes cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents on multiple lines on its balance sheet to present a reconciliation of those line items between its statement of cash flows and its balance sheet. The Company adopted this guidance retrospectively, on January 1, 2018, and the impact of the new guidance is limited to certain changes in presentation on the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows and certain disclosures. See note 12 . In January 2017, the FASB issued new guidance which clarifies the definition of a business in order to assist companies in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses. The Company adopted the guidance on January 1, 2018, and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments for all leases with a term greater than 12 months. The accounting for lessors remains largely unchanged from existing guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2019, and is required to be adopted using a modified retrospective approach, which after certain additional updates in July 2018, allows the Company to apply the new guidance either (1) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented, or (2) as of the effective date (i.e., January 1, 2019), without adjusting the comparative periods. If necessary under the new guidance, a cumulative-effect adjustment is recognized to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period in which the guidance is initially applied. The Company will apply the guidance as of the effective date, without adjusting the comparative periods and, if necessary, will recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. Although early adoption is permitted, the Company will not adopt the new guidance prior to January 1, 2019. The Company expects that (1) the vast majority of its lessor and lessee arrangements will continue to be classified as operating leases under the new guidance; (2) this guidance will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated balance sheet due to the addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for lessee arrangements (which primarily consist of ground leases under the Company's towers and fiber-related leases); and (3) there will not be a material impact to its condensed consolidated statement of 9 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) operations and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company is in the process of updating certain of its existing information technology systems for both the Towers and Fiber segments to integrate the new lease guidance requirements. Lightower Acquisition On July 18, 2017, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire LTS Group Holdings LLC ("Lightower") from Berkshire Partners, Pamlico Capital and other investors for approximately $7.1 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments ("Lightower Acquisition"). Lightower owned or had rights to approximately 32,000 route miles of fiber located primarily in top metro markets in the Northeast, including Boston, New York and Philadelphia. On November 1, 2017 , the Company closed the Lightower Acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation for the Lightower Acquisition is shown below and is based upon a preliminary valuation which is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information with respect to fixed assets, intangible assets and certain liabilities. Site rental revenues The Company generates site rental revenues from its core business by providing customers with access, including space or capacity, to its shared communications infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including lease, license, sublease and service agreements. Providing such access over the length of the contract term represents the Company’s sole performance obligation under its site rental contracts. Site rental revenues from the Company’s contracts are recognized on a straight-line, monthly basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the relevant contract, which generally ranges from five to 15 years for wireless customers and three to 20 years related to the Company's fiber solutions (including from organizations with high-bandwidth and multi-location demands), regardless of whether the payments from the tenant are received in equal monthly amounts during the life of a contract. Certain of the Company's contracts contain fixed escalation clauses (such as fixed-dollar or fixed-percentage increases) or inflation-based escalation clauses (such as those tied to the consumer price index). If the payment terms call for fixed escalations, upfront payments, or rent-free periods, the revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the agreement. When calculating straight-line rental revenues, the Company considers all fixed elements of tenant contractual escalation provisions. The Company's assets related to straight-line site rental revenues include current amounts of $86 million included in "other current assets" and non-current amounts of $1.4 billion included in "deferred site rental receivables" for the period ended September 30, 10 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2018 . Amounts billed or received prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in "deferred revenues" and "other long-term liabilities." Amounts to which the Company has an unconditional right to payment, which are related to both satisfied or partially satisfied performance obligations, are recorded within "receivables, net" on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet. Network services and other revenues As part of the Company’s effort to provide comprehensive communications infrastructure solutions, the Company offers certain network services, primarily relating to its towers and small cells, predominately consisting of (1) site development services and (2) installation services. Under network service agreements, the Company may have multiple performance obligations for site development services, which primarily include: structural analysis, zoning, permitting and construction drawings. Upon contract commencement, the Company assesses services to customers and identifies performance obligations for each promise to provide a distinct service. The volume and mix of site development services may vary among contracts, and may include a combination of some or all of the above performance obligations. For each of the above performance obligations, network services revenues are recognized at completion of the applicable performance obligation, which represents the point at which the Company believes it has transferred goods or services to the customer. The revenue recognized is based on an allocation of the transaction price among the performance obligations in a respective contract based on estimated standalone selling price. Payments generally are due within 45 to 60 days and generally do not contain variable-consideration provisions. Since performance obligations are typically satisfied prior to receiving payment from customers, the unconditional right to payment is recorded within "receivables, net" on the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company has one performance obligation for installation services, which is satisfied at the time of the respective installation or augmentation. This single performance obligation is typically completed in advance of receipt of payment from customers, and therefore the unconditional right to payment is recorded within “receivables, net” on the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheet. The vast majority of the Company’s network services relates to the Company’s Towers operating segment, and generally have a duration of one year or less. Additional information on revenues As of January 1, 2018 and September 30, 2018 , $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion of unrecognized revenue, respectively, was reported in "deferred revenues" and "other non-current liabilities" on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , approximately $300 million of the January 1, 2018 unrecognized revenue balance was recognized as revenue. The following table is a summary of the contracted amounts owed to the Company by customers pursuant to site rental contracts in effect as of September 30, 2018 . See note 11 for further information regarding the Company's operating segments. 11 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 12 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Contractual Maturities The following are the scheduled contractual maturities of the total debt and other long-term obligations of the Company outstanding as of September 30, 2018 . These maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes. Purchases and Redemptions of Long-Term Debt The following is a summary of purchases and redemptions of long-term debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 . Interest Expense and Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs The components of interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs are as follows: 13 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate the carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its debt securities based on indicative, non-binding quotes from brokers. Quotes from brokers require judgment and are based on the brokers' interpretation of market information, including implied credit spreads for similar borrowings on recent trades or bid/ask prices or quotes from active markets if available. There were no changes since December 31, 2017 in the Company's valuation techniques used to measure fair values. The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the Company is generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that it pays and therefore is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its net taxable income that is currently distributed to its stockholders. The Company also may be subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on its income and assets, including (1) taxes on any undistributed income, (2) taxes related to the TRSs, (3) franchise taxes, (4) property taxes, and (5) transfer taxes. In addition, the Company could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. The Company's TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. The Company's foreign assets and operations (including its tower operations in Puerto Rico) are subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether they are included in a TRS or not. For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 , the Company's effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to the Company's REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. 14 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Basic net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share, excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, diluted net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus any potential dilutive common share equivalents, including shares issuable upon (1) the vesting of restricted stock units as determined under the treasury stock method and (2) conversion of the Company's 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (as defined in note 10 ), as determined under the if-converted method. During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , the Company granted one million restricted stock units. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 , 15 million common share equivalents related to the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were excluded from the dilutive common shares because the impact of such conversion would be anti-dilutive, based on the Company's common stock price as of September 30, 2018 . The Company is involved in various claims, lawsuits or proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While there are uncertainties inherent in the ultimate outcome of such matters and it is impossible to presently determine the ultimate costs or losses that may be incurred, if any, management believes the resolution of such uncertainties and the incurrence of such costs should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. Additionally, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are contingently liable for commitments or performance guarantees arising in the ordinary course of business, including certain letters of credit or surety bonds. In addition, the Company has the option to purchase approximately 53% of the Company's towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. 15 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Declaration and Payment of Dividends During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , the following dividends were declared or paid: See note 13. Purchases of the Company's Common Stock For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , the Company purchased 0.3 million shares of its common stock utilizing $34 million in cash. The common stock shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units. 2015 "At the Market" Stock Offering Program The Company previously maintained an "at the market" stock offering program ("2015 ATM Program") through which it had the right to issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500 million to or through sales agents. The Company sold shares of its common stock under the 2015 ATM Program generating aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $350 million . The Company terminated its previously outstanding 2015 ATM Program in March 2018 with shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of approximately $150 million remaining unsold. 2018 "At the Market" Stock Offering Program In April 2018, the Company established a new "at the market" stock offering program ("2018 ATM Program") through which it may issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $750 million . Sales under the 2018 ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the NYSE or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from any sales under the 2018 ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. The Company has not sold any shares of common stock under the 2018 ATM Program. March 2018 Equity Financing In March 2018, the Company completed an offering of 8 million shares of its common stock, which generated net proceeds of $841 million ("March 2018 Equity Financing"). The Company used the net proceeds from the March 2018 Equity Financing for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness. 16 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) The Company's operating segments are (1) Towers and (2) Fiber. The Towers segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's approximately 40,000 towers geographically dispersed throughout the U.S. The Towers segment also reflects certain network services relating to the Company's towers, consisting of site development services and installation services. The Fiber segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's approximately 65,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cell networks and fiber solutions. The measurements of profit or loss used by the Company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the results of operations of its operating segments are (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin and (3) segment operating profit. The Company defines segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less selling, general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. All of these measurements of profit or loss are exclusive of depreciation, amortization and accretion, which are shown separately. Costs that are directly attributable to Towers and Fiber are assigned to those respective segments. The "Other" column (1) represents amounts excluded from specific segments, such as asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, interest income, other income (expense), income (loss) from discontinued operations, and stock-based compensation expense, and (2) reconciles segment operating profit to income (loss) before income taxes, as the amounts are not utilized in assessing each segment’s performance. The "Other" total assets balance includes corporate assets such as cash and cash equivalents which have not been allocated to specific segments. There are no significant revenues resulting from transactions between the Company's operating segments. 17 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 18 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 19 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts) The reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within various lines on the condensed consolidated balance sheet to amounts reported in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows is shown below. Common Stock Dividend On October 15, 2018 , the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.125 per common share. The quarterly dividend will be paid on December 31, 2018 to common stockholders of record as of December 14, 2018 . 20 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the response to Part I, Item 1 of this report and the consolidated financial statements of the Company including the related notes and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") included in our 2017 Form 10-K. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Form 10-Q have the same meaning given to them in our 2017 Form 10-K. General Overview Overview We own, operate and lease shared communications infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., including (1) approximately 40,000 towers and (2) approximately 65,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cell networks and fiber solutions. Our towers have a significant presence in the top 100 basic trading areas ("BTAs"), and the majority of our small cells and fiber is located in major metropolitan areas. Site rental revenues represented 86% of our third quarter 2018 consolidated net revenues. Our Towers operating segment and Fiber operating segment accounted for 66% and 34% of our third quarter 2018 site rental revenues, respectively. See note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements . The vast majority of our site rental revenues is of a recurring nature and is subject to long-term contracts with our customers. Strategy As a leading provider of shared communications infrastructure in the U.S., our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of communications infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our common stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. Our U.S. focused strategy is based, in part, on our belief that the U.S. is the most attractive market for shared communications infrastructure investment with the greatest long-term growth potential. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. The key elements of our strategy are to: Our strategy to create long-term stockholder value is based on our belief that additional demand for our communications infrastructure will be created by the expected continued growth in the demand for data. We believe that such demand for our communications infrastructure will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing communications infrastructure, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for new communications infrastructure. Business Fundamentals and Results The following are certain highlights of our business fundamentals and results as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 . 21 Outlook Highlights The following are certain highlights of our full year 2018 outlook that impact our business fundamentals described above. 22 Results of Operations The following discussion of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2017 Form 10-K. The following discussion of our results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts (see "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2017 Form 10-K). Our operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Fiber. See note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our operating segments. See "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Non-GAAP and Segment Financial Measures" for a discussion of our use of (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, (3) segment operating profit, including their respective definitions, and (4) Adjusted EBITDA, including its definition, and a reconciliation to net income (loss). Highlights of the Company's results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 are depicted below. 23 Site rental revenues grew $291 million , or 33% , from the three months ended September 30, 2017 to the three months ended September 30, 2018 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: ($ in millions) Towers site rental revenues for the third quarter of 2018 were $782 million and increased by $57 million , or 8% , from $725 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant contracts, escalations and non-renewals of tenant contracts. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. Fiber site rental revenues for the third quarter of 2018 were $402 million and increased by $234 million , or 139% , from $168 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Fiber site rental revenues was predominately impacted by (1) the Lightower Acquisition completed in November 2017 and (2) the increased demand for small cells and fiber solutions. Increased demand for small cells was driven by our customers' network strategy in an effort to provide capacity and relieve network congestion, and increased demand for fiber solutions was driven by increasing demand for data. The increase in Towers site rental gross margin was related to the previously-mentioned 8% increase in Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. The increase in Fiber site rental gross margin was predominately related to the previously-mentioned 139% increase in Fiber site rental revenues. Towers network services and other gross margin was $74 million for the third quarter of 2018 and increased by $12 million , or 19% , from $62 million during the same period in the prior year, which is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2018 were $145 million and increased by $ 45 million , or approximately 45% , from $100 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our Fiber segment, including the Lightower Acquisition. 24 Towers operating profit for the third quarter of 2018 increased by $60 million , or 11% , from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit primarily reflects the growth in our Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. Fiber operating profit for the third quarter of 2018 increased by $134 million , or 144% , from the same period in the prior year. Fiber operating profit was positively impacted by the Lightower Acquisition and the increased demand for small cells and fiber solutions as described above. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $385 million for the third quarter of 2018 and increased by $89 million , or 30% , from $296 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment and intangible assets due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the Lightower Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $160 million for the third quarter of 2018 and increased by $6 million , or 4% , from $154 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our outstanding indebtedness.As a result of repaying certain of our debt in the third quarter of 2018 , we incurred a loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $32 million . See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. For the third quarter of 2018 and 2017 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2017 Form 10-K. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $164 million during the third quarter of 2018 compared to income of $115 million during the third quarter of 2017 . The increase was predominately related to net growth in our Towers and Fiber segments, including as a result of the Lightower Acquisition as discussed above, partially offset by an increase in expenses, including increases in (1) depreciation, amortization, and accretion, (2)selling, general and administrative expenses and (3) losses on retirement of long-term obligations . Adjusted EBITDA increased $188 million , or 31% , from the third quarter of 2017 to the third quarter of 2018 . Adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both the Towers and Fiber segments, including the Lightower Acquisition. Highlights of the Company's results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 are depicted below. 25 Site rental revenues grew $888 million , or 34% , from the nine months ended September 30, 2017 to the nine months ended September 30, 2018 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: ($ in millions) Towers site rental revenues for the first nine months of 2018 were $2.3 billion and increased by $159 million , or 7% , from the same period in the prior year. The increase in Towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, and non-renewals of tenant leases. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. Fiber site rental revenues for the first nine months of 2018 were $1.2 billion and increased by $729 million , or 158% , from $460 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in Fiber site rental revenue was predominately impacted by (1) the Lightower Acquisition completed in November 2017, (2) the Wilcon Acquisition completed in June 2017 and (3) the increased demand for small cells and fiber solutions. Increased demand for small cells was driven by our customers' network strategy in an effort to provide capacity and relieve network congestion, and increased demand for fiber solutions was driven by increasing demand for data. The increase in Towers site rental gross margin was related to the previously-mentioned 7% increase in Towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. The increase in Fiber site rental gross margin was predominately related to the previously-mentioned 158% increase in Fiber site rental revenues. Towers network services and other gross margin was $197 million for the first nine months of 2018 and increased by $13 million , or 7% , from $184 million during the same period in the prior year, which is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the first nine months of 2018 were $418 million and increased by $118 million , or 39% , from $300 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our Fiber business, including the 2017 Acquisitions. Towers operating profit for the first nine months of 2018 increased by $151 million , or 9% , from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. 26 Fiber operating profit for the first nine months of 2018 increased by $418 million , or 165% , from the same period in the prior year. Fiber operating profit was positively impacted by the previously-mentioned 2017 Acquisitions and the increased demand for small cells and fiber solutions as described above. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $1.1 billion for the first nine months of 2018 and increased by $258 million , or 29% , from $880 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment and intangible assets due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the 2017 Acquisitions. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $478 million for the first nine months of 2018 and increased $48 million , or 11% , from $430 million during the first nine months of 2017 . The increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our outstanding indebtedness due to the financing of our 2017 Acquisitions and our 2018 debt financing activities. As a result of repaying certain of our debt, in conjunction with our refinancing activities, we incurred losses of $106 million and $4 million for the first nine months of 2018 and 2017 , respectively. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. For the first nine months of 2018 and 2017 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2017 Form 10-K. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $458 million compared to income of $346 million during the first nine months of 2017 . The increase was predominately due to growth in both our Towers and Fiber segments , partially offset by an increase in expenses, including increases in (1) depreciation, amortization, and accretion, (2) selling, general and administrative expenses (3) losses on retirement of long-term obligations and (4) interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs. Adjusted EBITDA increased $549 million , or 31% , from the first nine months of 2017 to the first nine months of 2018 . Adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both the Towers and Fiber segments, including the 2017 Acquisitions. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview General. Our core business generates revenues under long-term contracts (see "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Overview" ) from the largest U.S. wireless carriers and fiber solutions customers. Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of communications infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends, and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. We have engaged and expect to continue to engage in discretionary investments that we believe will maximize long-term stockholder value. Our historical discretionary investments include (in no particular order): acquiring or constructing communications infrastructure, acquiring land interests (which primarily relate to land assets under towers), improving and structurally enhancing our existing communications infrastructure, purchasing shares of our common stock, and purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. We have recently spent and expect to continue to spend a significant percentage of our discretionary investments on the construction of small cells and fiber. We seek to fund our discretionary investments with both net cash provided by operating activities and cash available from financing capacity, such as the use of our undrawn availability from the 2016 Revolver, debt financings and issuances of equity or equity related securities, including under our 2018 ATM Program. We seek to maintain a capital structure that we believe drives long-term stockholder value and optimizes our weighted-average cost of capital. We target a leverage ratio of approximately five times Adjusted EBITDA and interest coverage of approximately three times Adjusted EBITDA, subject to various factors, such as the availability and cost of capital and the potential long-term return on our discretionary investments. We may choose to increase or decrease our leverage or coverage from these targets for various periods of time. We have no significant contractual debt maturities until 2021 (other than principal payments on certain outstanding debt). We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to continue to pay minimal cash income taxes as a result of our REIT status and our NOLs. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2017 Form 10-K. 27 Liquidity Position. The following is a summary of our capitalization and liquidity position as of September 30, 2018 . See "Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt. Over the next 12 months: Summary Cash Flow Information Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2018 increased $362 million , or 26%, compared to the first nine months of 2017 , due primarily to the 2017 Acquisitions and growth in our core business, offset by a net decrease from changes in working capital. Changes in working capital (including changes in accounts receivable, deferred site rental receivables, deferred rental revenues, prepaid ground leases, restricted cash and accrued interest) contribute to variability in net cash provided by operating activities, largely due to the timing of advanced payments by us and advanced receipts from customers. We expect to grow our net cash provided by operating activities in the future (exclusive of movements in working capital) if we realize expected growth in our core business. Investing Activities Net cash used for investing activities for the first nine months of 2018 decreased $1.7 billion from the first nine months of 2017 as a result of our 2017 acquisitions of FiberNet and Wilcon. Acquisitions. See note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 28 Capital Expenditures Our capital expenditures have been categorized as discretionary, sustaining or integration as described below. We have incurred, and anticipate incurring additional, initial capital expenditures related to integrating Lightower into our existing business. The majority of these anticipated capital expenditures will primarily relate to the integration of Lightower's information technology assets into our business. 29 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 were as follows: Discretionary capital expenditures were primarily impacted by the construction of small cells and fiber (including certain construction projects that may take 18 to 24 months to complete) to address our customers' growing demand for data. See also "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Outlook Highlights" for our expectations surrounding 2018 capital expenditures. Financing Activities We seek to allocate cash generated by our operations in a manner that will enhance long-term stockholder value, which may include various financing activities such as (in no particular order) paying dividends on our common stock (currently expected to total at least $4.50 per share over the next 12 months, or an aggregate amount of approximately $1.9 billion ), paying dividends on our 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (expected to total approximately $113 million over the next 12 months), purchasing our common stock, or purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. See notes 5 and 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Net cash provided by financing activities for the first nine months of 2018 decreased $8.2 billion from the first nine months of 2017 as a result of our financing activities during the first nine months of 2017 to finance our 2017 Acquisitions. 30 Credit Facility. In June 2018, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Facility to (1) increase the commitments under the 2016 Revolver by $750 million, for total commitments of $4.25 billion, and (2) extend the maturity of the Credit Facility from August 2022 to June 2023. The proceeds of our 2016 Revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of capital expenditures, acquisitions and purchases of our common stock. As of November 2, 2018 , there was $750 million outstanding and $3.5 billion in undrawn availability under our 2016 Revolver. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Incurrence, Purchases, and Repayments of Debt. In January 2018, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.150% Senior Notes with a maturity date of July 2023 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.800% Senior Notes with a maturity date of February 2028. We utilized the proceeds to repay (1) in full the January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes and (2) a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. In July 2018, we issued $1.0 billion of July 2018 Tower Revenue Notes. The July 2018 Tower Revenue Notes consist of (1) $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.720% Notes with an anticipated repayment date of July 2023 and a final maturity of July 2043 and (2) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.241% Notes with an anticipated repayment date of July 2028 and a final maturity of July 2048. We utilized the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to repay in full the previously outstanding Tower Revenue Notes, Series 2010-6 and pay related fees and expenses. Common Stock Activity. As of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , we had 415 million and 406 million common shares outstanding, respectively. In March 2018, we completed the March 2018 Equity Financing, in which we issued 8 million shares of common stock and generated net proceeds of approximately $841 million . We used the net proceeds from the March 2018 Equity Financing for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness. See notes 10 and 13 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our March 2018 Equity Financing and common stock dividends. Convertible Preferred Stock Activity . As of both September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , we had 2 million shares of 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of our common stock on August 1, 2020. Currently, each share of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into between 8.7128 shares (based on the current maximum conversion price of $114.77) and 10.4553 shares (based on the current minimum conversion price of $95.65) of common stock, depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to August 1, 2020, holders of the 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 8.7128 shares of common stock per share of 6.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the 6.875% Convertible Preferred Stock dividends. ATM Program. We previously maintained a 2015 ATM Program through which we had the right to issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500 million to or through sales agents. In March 2018, we terminated the formerly outstanding 2015 ATM Program. In April 2018, we established the 2018 ATM Program through which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $750 million. Sales under the 2018 ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the NYSE or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. We intend to use the net proceeds from any sales under the 2018 ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. We have not issued any shares of common stock under the 2018 ATM Program. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 31 Debt Covenants The credit agreement governing the 2016 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants. We are currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants, and based upon our current expectations, we believe we will continue to comply with our financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of our debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on us and may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase our securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. See our 2017 Form 10-K for a further discussion of our debt covenants, certain restrictive covenants and factors that are likely to determine our subsidiaries' ability to comply with current and future debt covenants. Accounting and Reporting Matters Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe (1) are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations or (2) require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies and estimates for 2018 are not intended to be a comprehensive list of our accounting policies and estimates. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically prescribed by GAAP. In other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. Our critical accounting policies and estimates as of December 31, 2017 are described in "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters" and in note 2 of our consolidated financial statements in our 2017 Form 10-K. The critical accounting policies and estimates for the first nine months of 2018 have not changed from the critical accounting policies for the year ended December 31, 2017 . Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Non-GAAP and Segment Financial Measures We use earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and accretion, as adjusted ("Adjusted EBITDA"), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as an indicator of consolidated financial performance. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including companies in the communications infrastructure sector or other REITs, and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP and should be considered only as a supplement to net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. There are material limitations to using a measure such as Adjusted EBITDA, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company, including our competitors, and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income or loss. Management compensates for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with their analysis of net income (loss). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, (gains) losses on retirement of long-term obligations, net (gain) loss on interest rate swaps, (gains) losses on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other (income) expense, (benefit) provision for income taxes, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, (income) loss from discontinued operations and stock-based compensation expense. The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss) is set forth below and excludes items in our Adjusted EBITDA definition which are not applicable to the periods shown. 32 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors or other interested parties in evaluating our financial performance because: Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA: In addition to the non-GAAP measures used herein and as discussed in note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we also provide (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin and (3) segment operating profit, which are key measures used by management to evaluate our operating segments for purposes of making decisions about allocating capital and assessing performance. These segment measures are provided pursuant to GAAP requirements related to segment reporting. We define segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated site rental cost of operations. We define segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated 33 network services and other cost of operations. We define segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less selling, general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. All of these measurements of profit or loss are exclusive of depreciation, amortization and accretion, which are shown separately. 34 The following section updates "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our 2017 Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with that report as well as our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report. Interest Rate Risk Our interest rate risk relates primarily to the impact of interest rate movements on the following: We have no debt maturities, other than principal payments on amortizing debt, or anticipated repayment dates over the next 12 months. We currently have no interest rate swaps. Sensitivity Analysis We manage our exposure to market interest rates on our existing debt by controlling the mix of fixed and floating rate debt. As of September 30, 2018 , we had $3.2 billion of floating rate debt, none of which had LIBOR floors. As a result, a hypothetical unfavorable fluctuation in market interest rates on our existing debt of 1/8 of a percent point over a 12 month period would increase our interest expense by approximately $4 million . Tabular Information The following table provides information about our market risk related to changes in interest rates. The future principal payments and weighted-average interest rates are presented as of September 30, 2018 . These debt maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the impact of the principal payments that commence following the anticipated repayment dates of certain debt (see footnotes (b) and (d)). The information presented below regarding the variable rate debt is supplementary to our sensitivity analysis regarding the impact of changes in the interest rates. See notes 5 and 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2017 Form 10-K for additional information regarding our debt. 35 Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information relating to the Company required to be included in the Company's periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. PART II—OTHER INFORMATION See the disclosure in note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which disclosure is hereby incorporated herein by reference. In Item 1A of our 2017 Form 10-K, we have previously included the risk factor captioned “ A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of customers, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such customers may materially decrease revenues or reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and network services. ” Information set forth below is an update to that risk factor. You should carefully consider the information provided in this document and the risk factors contained in our 2017 Form 10-K, as updated by the information contained below. In April 2018, T-Mobile and Sprint entered into a definitive agreement to merge, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. This potential transaction may result in a decrease or delay in demand for our communications infrastructure and network services, as a result of the anticipated integration of the T-Mobile and Sprint networks and related duplicate or overlapping parts of their networks, which may lead to a reduction in our revenues or cash flows and may trigger a review for impairment of certain long-lived assets. The following table summarizes information with respect to purchase of our equity securities during the third quarter of 2018 : We paid $1 million in cash to effect these purchases. The shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units. 36 Exhibit Index * Filed herewith. † Furnished herewith. 37 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 38