8-K 1 form8-k.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 8, 2019 Crown Castle International Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (713) 570-3000 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ITEM 1.01 — ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT. On April 8, 2019, Crown Castle International Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), entered into definitive documentation to establish an unsecured commercial paper program (the “CP Program”) pursuant to which the Company may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes (the “CP Notes”) pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Amounts available under the CP Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time, with the aggregate principal amount of CP Notes outstanding under the CP Program at any time not to exceed $1.0 billion. The net proceeds of issuances of the CP Notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The maturities of the CP Notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The CP Notes will be sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and will be issued at a discount from par or, alternatively, will be issued at par and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis. Initially, five commercial paper dealers will each act as a dealer under the CP Program (each a “Dealer” and, collectively, the “Dealers”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of a commercial paper dealer agreement entered into among the Company and each Dealer (each, a “Dealer Agreement”). A national bank will act as issuing and paying agent under the CP Program. Each Dealer Agreement provides the terms under which the applicable Dealer will either purchase the CP Notes from the Company or arrange for the sale of the CP Notes by the Company to one or more purchasers, in each case pursuant to an exemption from federal and state securities laws. Each Dealer Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions. The Dealer Agreements are substantially identical in all material respects except as to the parties thereto and the notice provisions. The foregoing summary of the Dealer Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Dealer Agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. From time to time, one or more of the Dealers and certain of their respective affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, commercial banking, investment banking and other financial advisory services to the Company and its affiliates for which they have received or will receive customary fees and expenses. The CP Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. ITEM 2.03 — CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT. The information in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9.01 — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 8, 2019