10-Q 1 crowncastle10q063016.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ____________________________________ FORM 10-Q ____________________________________ For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 OR For the transition period to Commission File Number 001-16441 ____________________________________ CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ____________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x Number of shares of common stock outstanding at August 1, 2016 : 337,563,471 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q") contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management's expectations as of the filing date of this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Statements that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "likely," "predicted," any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include plans, projections and estimates contained in "Part I—Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") and "Part I—Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" herein. Such forward-looking statements include (1) expectations regarding anticipated growth in the wireless industry, carriers' investments in their networks, tenant additions, customer consolidation or ownership changes, or demand for our wireless infrastructure, (2) expectations regarding non-renewals of tenant leases (including the impact of our customers' decommissioning of the former Leap Wireless, MetroPCS and Clearwire networks ("Acquired Networks")), (3) availability and adequacy of cash flows and liquidity for, or plans regarding, future discretionary investments including capital expenditures, (4) potential benefits of our discretionary investments, (5) anticipated growth in our financial results, including future revenues, margins, Adjusted EBITDA, segment site rental gross margin, segment network services and other gross margin, and segment operating profit, and operating cash flows, (6) expectations regarding our capital structure and the credit markets, our availability and cost of capital, or our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants and the benefits of any future refinancings, (7) expectations related to remaining qualified as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") and the advantages, benefits or impact of, or opportunities created by, our REIT status, (8) the realization and utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), and (9) our dividend policy, including the timing, amount, growth or tax characterization of any dividends. Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions, risk factors described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (" 2015 Form 10-K") and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. 1 PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) (In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts) ________________ See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In thousands of dollars) ________________ See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share data) (Unaudited) 5 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The information contained in the following notes to the consolidated financial statements is condensed from that which would appear in the annual consolidated financial statements; accordingly, the consolidated financial statements included herein should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 , and related notes thereto, included in the 2015 Form 10-K filed by Crown Castle International Corp. ("CCIC") with the SEC. References to the "Company" include CCIC and its predecessor, as applicable, and their subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context indicates otherwise. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. The Company owns, operates and leases shared wireless infrastructure, including: (1) towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), and (2) small cell networks supported by fiber (collectively, "small cells" and, together with towers, "wireless infrastructure"). The Company's wireless infrastructure is geographically dispersed throughout the United States, including Puerto Rico ("U.S."). See note 3 for a discussion of the May 2015 sale of the Company's formerly 77.6% owned subsidiary that operated towers in Australia (referred to as "CCAL"). The Company's core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to its shared wireless infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including licenses, subleases and lease agreements. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company changed its operating segments to consist of (1) towers and (2) small cells. The Company has recast its prior period presentation to conform to its current reporting presentation. See note 11 . As part of the Company's effort to provide comprehensive wireless infrastructure solutions, it offers certain network services relating to its wireless infrastructure, consisting of (1) the following site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations on its wireless infrastructure: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations. The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Company has certain taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"). See note 7 . Approximately 54% of the Company's towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. The Company has the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Basis of Presentation The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein are unaudited; however, they include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to state fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company at June 30, 2016 , and the consolidated results of operations and the consolidated cash flows for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 . The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements are disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K, other than certain recent accounting pronouncements described below. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs. The guidance requires debt issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts and premiums. The Company adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2016, and has applied the guidance 7 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) retrospectively. As a result, the Company reclassified $99.3 million of deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2015 from "long-term prepaid rent and other assets, net" as a direct reduction of "debt and other long-term obligations." In September 2015, the FASB issued new guidance which requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The Company adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2016 on a prospective basis. This standard did not have a material impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements upon adoption. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments for all leases with a term greater than 12 months. The accounting for lessors remains largely unchanged from existing guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2019 and is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. Early adoption is permitted. The Company expects this guidance to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements and is currently evaluating the impact. In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition and measurement of expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments, including accounts receivable. The new guidance requires entities to estimate the expected credit loss over the life of certain financial instruments at initial recognition of the financial instrument. The guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning as of January 1, 2019. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. On May 14, 2015, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell CCAL to a consortium of investors led by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets (collectively, “Buyer”). On May 28, 2015, the Company completed the sale. At closing, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 1.1 billion after accounting for the Company's 77.6% ownership interest, repayment of intercompany debt owed to the Company by CCAL and estimated transaction fees and expenses, exclusive of the impact of foreign currency swaps related to the CCAL sale. As part of the sale of CCAL, in January 2016, the Company received an installment payment from the Buyer totaling approximately $ 124 million , inclusive of the impact of the related foreign currency swap. CCAL was historically a separate operating segment of the Company. The sale of the Company's CCAL operating segment is treated as discontinued operations for all periods presented pursuant to ASU 2014-8, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , which the Company adopted on January 1, 2015. The gain from disposal of CCAL is included in discontinued operations on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The table below sets forth the results of operations related to discontinued operations for the six months ended June 30, 2015 . 8 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) In April 2016, the Company acquired Tower Development Corporation ("TDC"), a portfolio of approximately 330 towers, for approximately $461 million in cash ("TDC Acquisition"). The Company funded the acquisition with cash on hand, cash from borrowings under the 2016 Revolver, and cash from equity issuances under the ATM Program (see note 10 ). The preliminary purchase price allocation was primarily composed of other intangible assets of approximately $144 million , property and equipment of approximately $108 million , and goodwill of approximately $212 million . The preliminary purchase price allocation, including the valuation of fixed assets and intangible assets, is based upon a preliminary valuation, which is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information. 9 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Contractual Maturities The following are the scheduled contractual maturities of the total debt and other long-term obligations of the Company outstanding as of June 30, 2016 . These maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes. Purchases and Redemptions of Long-Term Debt The following is a summary of purchases and redemptions of long-term debt during the six months ended June 30, 2016 . 10 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest Expense and Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs The components of interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs are as follows: The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate the carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its debt securities based on indicative, non-binding quotes from brokers. Quotes from brokers require judgment and are based on the brokers' interpretation of market information, including implied credit spreads for similar borrowings on recent trades or bid/ask prices or quotes from active markets if available. Foreign currency swaps are valued at settlement amounts using observable exchange rates and, if material, reflect an adjustment for the Company's and contract counterparty's credit risk. There were no changes since December 31, 2015 in the Company's valuation techniques used to measure fair values. The Company operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the Company is generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that it pays and therefore is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its net taxable income that is currently distributed to its stockholders. The Company also may be subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on its income and assets, including (1) alternative minimum taxes, (2) taxes on any undistributed income, (3) taxes related to the TRSs, (4) certain state, local, or foreign income taxes, (5) franchise taxes, (6) property taxes, and (7) transfer taxes. In addition, the Company could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code") to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company completed the necessary steps to include small cells that were previously included in one or more TRSs in the REIT. As a result, during the fourth quarter 2015, the Company de-recognized the net deferred tax liabilities in conjunction with the inclusion of small cells in the REIT. Effective January 4, 2016 the Company's small cells that were previously included in one or more TRSs are included in the REIT. The Company's TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. The Company's foreign assets and operations (including its tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether they are included in a TRS or not. For the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Company's effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to the Company's REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. 11 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Basic net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share, excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus any potential dilutive common share equivalents, including shares issuable (1) upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units as determined under the treasury stock method and (2) upon conversion of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock, as determined under the if-converted method. During the six months ended June 30, 2016 , the Company granted 1.3 million restricted stock units. For the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 , 11.5 million and 11.9 million common share equivalents, respectively, related to the Convertible Preferred Stock were excluded from the dilutive common shares because the impact of such conversion would be anti-dilutive, based on the Company's common stock price as of the end of the respective periods. 12 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company is involved in various claims, lawsuits or proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While there are uncertainties inherent in the ultimate outcome of such matters and it is impossible to presently determine the ultimate costs or losses that may be incurred, if any, management believes the resolution of such uncertainties and the incurrence of such costs should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. Additionally, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are contingently liable for commitments or performance guarantees arising in the ordinary course of business, including certain letters of credit or surety bonds. In addition, the Company has the option to purchase approximately 54% of the Company's towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Declaration and Payment of Dividends During the six months ended June 30, 2016 , the following dividends were declared or paid: See note 13. Purchases of the Company's Common Stock For the six months ended June 30, 2016 , the Company purchased 0.3 million shares of its common stock utilizing $24.5 million in cash. The common stock shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. "At the Market" Stock Offering Program In August 2015, the Company established an "at the market" stock offering program ("ATM Program") through which it may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate cumulative gross sales price of up to $ 500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to specific instructions of the Company, at negotiated prices. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. During the six months ended June 30, 2016 , 3.8 million shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of $323.8 million after giving effect to sales agent commissions of $3.3 million . 13 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) During the first quarter of 2016, the Company changed its operating segments to consist of (1) towers and (2) small cells. This change was as a result of growth in small cells from a combination of organic growth, capital expenditures, and acquisitions, as well as the continued progression of the integration of Quanta Fiber Networks, Inc. ("Sunesys"), which led to changes in how the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews financial information. The Company's operating segment change aligns with how the CODM views and evaluates the Company's operations, including how the CODM allocates capital and assesses segment performance. The Company has recast its prior period presentation to conform to its current reporting presentation. The towers segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's approximately 40,000 towers geographically dispersed throughout the United States. The tower segment also reflects certain network services relating to the Company's towers, consisting of site development services and installation services. The small cells segment provides access, including space or capacity, to the Company's small cell networks designed to facilitate wireless connectivity and supported by 17,000 miles of fiber. To a lesser extent, the small cells segment offers other fiber based solutions, including dark fiber (dedicated fiber strands lit by the customer) and lit fiber (bandwidth provided to the customer using the Company's own optronics). 14 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The measurement of profit or loss used by the CODM to evaluate the results of operations of its operating segments are (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, and (3) segment operating profit. The Company defines segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated cost of operations. The Company defines segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. Costs that are directly attributable to towers and small cells are assigned to those respective segments. The "Other" column (1) represents amounts excluded from specific segments, such as restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other income (expense), cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income (loss) from discontinued operations, and stock-based compensation expense, and (2) reconciles segment operating profit to income (loss) before income taxes, as the amounts are not utilized in assessing each segment’s performance. The "Other" total assets balance includes corporate assets such as cash and cash equivalents which have not been allocated to specific segments. There are no significant revenues resulting from transactions between the Company's operating segments. 15 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 16 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-Unaudited (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Common Stock Dividend On August 2, 2016 , the Company declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.885 per share, which was approved by the Company's board of directors. The common stock dividend will be paid on September 30, 2016 , to common stockholders of record as of September 16, 2016 . 17 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the response to Part I, Item 1 of this report and the consolidated financial statements of the Company including the related notes and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A") included in our 2015 Form 10-K. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Item have the same meaning given to them in our 2015 Form 10-K. Unless this Form 10-Q indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "our company," "the company," or "us" as used in this Form 10-Q refer to Crown Castle International Corp., and its predecessor, as applicable, and their subsidiaries. General Overview Overview We own, operate and lease shared wireless infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., and which consists of approximately (1) 40,000 towers and (2) small cells supported by 17,000 miles of fiber. Our towers have a significant presence in the top 100 BTAs, and the majority of our fiber is located in major metropolitan areas. Site rental revenues represented 84% of our second quarter 2016 consolidated net revenues. Our towers operating segment and small cells operating segment accounted for 88% and 12% of our second quarter 2016 site rental revenues, respectively. See note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Change in Operating Segments." The vast majority of our site rental revenues is of a recurring nature and has been contracted for in a prior year. Strategy Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. The key elements of our strategy are to: 18 Our strategy to create long-term stockholder value is based on our belief that additional demand for our wireless infrastructure will be created by the expected continued growth in the demand for wireless connectivity. We believe that such demand for our wireless infrastructure will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing wireless infrastructure, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for new wireless infrastructure. Business Fundamentals and Results The following are certain highlights of our business fundamentals and results as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2016 . 19 senior notes due June 2026, in aggregate principal amounts of $250 million and $750 million, respectively. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and "Item 2. Liquidity and Capital Resources". Change in Operating Segments During the first quarter of 2016, we changed our operating segments to consist of (1) towers and (2) small cells. This change was as a result of growth in small cells from a combination of organic growth, capital expenditures, and acquisitions, as well as the continued progression of the integration of Sunesys, which led to changes in how our CODM reviews financial information. Our operating segment change aligns with how the CODM views and evaluates our operations, including how the CODM allocates capital and assesses performance. We have recast our prior period presentation to conform to our current reporting presentation. Towers. Our towers segment, which represented 88% of our revenues during the first six months of 2016, provides access, including space or capacity, to our approximately 40,000 towers geographically dispersed throughout the United States. Our towers have a significant presence in the top 100 BTAs. The tower segment also reflects certain network services relating to our towers, consisting of site development services and installation services. We acquired ownership interests or exclusive rights to the majority of our towers from the four largest wireless carriers (or their predecessors) through transactions consummated since 1999, including transactions with (1) AT&T in 2013, (2) T-Mobile in 2012, (3) Global Signal Inc. in 2007, which had originally acquired the majority of its towers from Sprint, (4) companies now part of Verizon Wireless during 1999 and 2000, and (5) companies now part of AT&T during 1999 and 2000. Small cells. Our small cells segment, which represented 12% of our revenues during the first six months of 2016, provides access, including space or capacity, to our small cell networks designed to facilitate wireless connectivity and supported by 17,000 miles of fiber. To a lesser extent, the small cells segment offers other fiber based solutions, including dark fiber (dedicated fiber strands lit by the customer) and lit fiber (bandwidth provided to the customer using our own optronics). Our small cell assets include those acquired from NextG Networks, Inc. in 2012 and from Sunesys in 2015 ("Sunesys Acquisition"). Our customers in small cells generally are large wireless carriers, and, to a lesser extent, non-wireless carriers, such as bandwidth-intensive verticals including education, enterprise, and government. See also " Item 1. Business" to our 2015 Form 10-K. Outlook Highlights The following are certain highlights of our full year 2016 outlook that impact our business fundamentals described above. 20 Consolidated Results of Operations The following discussion of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2015 Form 10-K. The following discussion of our results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts (see "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 2 to our consolidated financial statements on our 2015 Form 10-K). See "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a discussion of our use of (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, (3) segment operating profit, including their respective definitions, and (4) Adjusted EBITDA, including its definition, and a reconciliation to net income (loss). Highlights of the Company's consolidated results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 are depicted below. Site rental revenues grew $67.5 million , or 9% , from the three months ended June 30, 2015 to the three months ended June 30, 2016 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: Our towers and small cells operating segments accounted for 88% and 12% of our second quarter 2016 site rental revenues, and 92% and 8% of our second quarter 2015 site rental revenues, respectively. For a further discussion of segment revenues, costs of operations and gross margins, see "Item 2. MD&A—Comparison of Operating Segments." 21 General and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2016 were $91.4 million and increased by $18.3 million , or approximately 25% , from $73.1 million during the same period in the prior year. General and administrative expenses are inclusive of stock-based compensation charges, which increased $5.1 million from the second quarter of 2015 to the second quarter of 2016. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our small cell business as a result of activities such as (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the continued expansion in size of our small cell portfolio. Adjusted EBITDA increased $28.7 million , or 6% , from the second three months of 2015 to the second three months of 2016 . Adjusted EBITDA was (1) positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both towers and small cells, including the Sunesys Acquisition as discussed in "Item 2. MD&A—Comparison of Operating Segments," and (2) negatively impacted by a decrease in our network services and other activities. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $276.0 million for the second three months of 2016 and increased by $22.9 million , or 9% , from $253.2 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the Sunesys Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $129.4 million for the second three months of 2016 and decreased $5.1 million , or 4% , from $134.5 million during the second three months of 2015 , predominately as a result of a $7.5 million decrease in the amortization of interest rate swaps. As a result of repaying certain of our debt, in conjunction with our refinancing activities, we incurred losses of $11.5 million for the second three months of 2016. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. For the second three months of 2016 and 2015 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Form 10-K. During the second three months of 2015, we recorded gains on our sale of CCAL, net of tax, of $1.0 billion. See our 2015 Form 10-K for further discussion surrounding our sale of CCAL, which occurred in May 2015 and was treated as discontinued operations. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $75.1 million compared to income of $1.1 billion during the second three months of 2015. The decrease in net income was predominately due to the aforementioned gains recorded on the sale of CCAL during 2015. Highlights of the Company's consolidated results of operations for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 are depicted below. 22 Site rental revenues grew $135.4 million , or 9% , from the six months ended June 30, 2015 to the six months ended June 30, 2016 . This growth was predominately comprised of the factors depicted in the chart below: Our towers and small cells operating segments accounted for 88% and 12% of our site rental revenues for the first six months of 2016, and 92% and 8% of our site rental revenues for the first six months of 2015, respectively. For a further discussion of segment revenues, costs of operations and gross margins, see "Item 2. MD&A—Comparison of Operating Segments." General and administrative expenses for the first six months of 2016 were $189.0 million and increased by $41.8 million , or approximately 28% , from $147.2 million during the same period in the prior year. General and administrative expenses are inclusive of stock-based compensation charges, which increased $13.8 million from the first six months of 2015 to the first six months of 2016. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily related to the growth in our small cell business as a result of activities such as (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the continued expansion in size of our small cell portfolio. Adjusted EBITDA increased $38.6 million , or 4% , from the first six months of 2015 to the first six months of 2016 . Adjusted EBITDA was (1) positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities in both towers and small cells, including the Sunesys Acquisition as discussed in "Item 2. MD&A—Comparison of Operating Segments," and (2) negatively impacted by a decrease in our network services and other activities. Depreciation, amortization and accretion was $553.9 million for the first six months of 2016 and increased by $48.9 million , or 10% , from $505.0 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase predominately resulted from a corresponding increase in our gross property and equipment due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the Sunesys Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs were $255.7 million for the first six months of 2016 and decreased $13.2 million , or 5% , from $268.9 million during the first six months of 2015 , predominately as a result of a $15.0 million decrease in the amortization of interest rate swaps. As a result of repaying certain of our debt, in conjunction with our refinancing activities, we incurred losses of $42.0 million for the first six months of 2016. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. For the first six months of 2016 and 2015 , the effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Form 10-K. During the first six months of 2015, we recorded gains on our sale of CCAL, net of tax, of $1.0 billion. See our 2015 Form 10-K for further discussion surrounding our sale of CCAL, which occurred in May 2015 and was treated as discontinued operations. 23 Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $133.9 million compared to income of $1.3 billion during the first six months of 2015. The decrease in net income was predominately due to the aforementioned gains recorded on the sale of CCAL during 2015. Comparison of Operating Segments Our operating segments for the second quarter of 2016 consist of (1) towers and (2) small cells. See note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and " Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Change in Operating Segments" for further discussion of our operating segments. Towers— Second Quarter 2016 and 2015 Highlights of the towers segment results of operations are highlighted below: Towers revenues for the second quarter of 2016 were $847.8 million and increased by $18.8 million , or 2% , from $829.0 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase in towers revenues resulted from an increase from the same period in the prior year in towers site rental revenues of $27.4 million , or 4% , partially offset by a decrease in towers network services and other revenues of $8.6 million , or 6% . The increase in towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, acquisitions (including the TDC Acquisition in April 2016), and non-renewals of tenant leases predominately arising from our customers' decommissioning of the Acquired Networks. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See "Item 2. MD&A—Consolidated Results of Operations" for further discussion of our site rental revenue. The increase in towers site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 4% increase in towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. Towers network services and other gross margin were $60.1 million and decreased by $13.0 million , or 18% , from $73.1 million during the same period in the prior year. The decrease in our towers gross margin from our network services and other revenues is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Towers general and administrative expenses were $22.5 million for both the second quarter of 2016 and 2015 . Towers operating profit for the second quarter of 2016 increased by $11.1 million from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities, partially offset by the aforementioned decrease in towers network services and other gross margin. Small Cells— Second Quarter 2016 and 2015 Highlights of the small cells segment results of operations are highlighted below: 24 Small cells revenues for the second quarter of 2016 were $114.6 million and increased by $44.2 million , or 63% , from $70.4 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase in small cells revenues predominately resulted from an increase from the same period in the prior year in small cells site rental revenues of $40.1 million , or 68% . The increase in small cells site rental revenues was predominately impacted by (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the construction of small cells. Demand for small cells was influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See "Item 2. MD&A—Consolidated Results of Operations" for further discussion of our site rental revenue. The increase in small cells site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 68% increase in small cells site rental revenues, partially offset by costs resulting from the Sunesys Acquisition and the construction of small cells. Small cells general and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2016 were $15.7 million and increased by $7.8 million , or approximately 99% , from $7.9 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in small cells general and administrative expenses was related to growth in our small business as a result of activities such as (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the continued expansion in size of our small cell portfolio. Small cells operating profit for the second quarter of 2016 increased by $23.1 million , or 79% , from the same period in the prior year. Small cells operating profit was positively impacted by the previously mentioned Sunesys Acquisition and construction of small cells. Towers—First half 2016 and 2015 Highlights of the towers segment results of operations are highlighted below: Towers revenues for the first half of 2016 were $1.68 billion and increased by $15.3 million , or 1% , from $1.66 billion during the same period in the prior year. This increase in towers revenues resulted from an increase from the same period in the prior year in towers site rental revenues of $55.3 million , or 4% , partially offset by a decrease in towers network services and other revenues of $40.1 million , or 13% . The increase in towers site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, acquisitions (including the TDC Acquisition in April 2016), and non-renewals of tenant leases predominately arising from our customers' decommissioning of the Acquired Networks. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See "Item 2. MD&A—Consolidated Results of Operations" for further discussion of our site rental revenue. The increase in towers site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 4% increase in towers site rental revenues and relatively fixed costs to operate our towers. Towers network services and other gross margin were $115.2 million and decreased by $38.1 million , or 25% , from $153.3 million during the same period in the prior year. The decrease in our towers gross margin from our network services and other revenues is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services and other offerings are of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Towers general and administrative expenses for the first half of 2016 were $46.1 million and increased by $0.8 million , or approximately 2% , from $45.3 million during the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit for the first half of 2016 increased by $13.0 million , or 1% , from the same period in the prior year. Towers operating profit was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities, partially offset by the aforementioned decrease in towers network services and other gross margin. 25 Small Cells—First half 2016 and 2015 Highlights of the small cells segment results of operations are highlighted below: Small cells revenues for the first half of 2016 were $221.2 million and increased by $81.6 million , or 58% , from $139.6 million during the same period in the prior year. This increase in small cells revenues predominately resulted from an increase from the same period in the prior year in small cells site rental revenues of $80.1 million , or 69% . The increase in small cells site rental revenues was predominately impacted by (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the construction of small cells. Demand for small cells was influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See "Item 2. MD&A—Consolidated Results of Operations" for further discussion of our site rental revenue. The increase in small cells site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 69% increase in small cells site rental revenues, partially offset by costs resulting from the Sunesys Acquisition and the construction of small cells. Small cells general and administrative expenses for the first half of 2016 were $31.2 million and increased by $15.7 million , or approximately 101% , from $15.5 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase in small cells general and administrative expenses was related to growth in our small business as a result of activities such as (1) the Sunesys Acquisition and (2) the continued expansion in size of our small cell portfolio. Small cells operating profit for the first half of 2016 increased by $36.9 million , or 61% , from the same period in the prior year. Small cells operating profit was positively impacted by the previously mentioned Sunesys Acquisition and construction of small cells. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview General. Our core business generates revenues under long-term leases (see "Item 2. MD&A—General Overview—Overview" ) predominately from the largest U.S. wireless carriers. Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends, and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. We have and expect to continue to engage in discretionary investments that we believe will maximize long-term stockholder value. Our historical discretionary investments include (in no particular order): purchasing our common stock, acquiring or constructing wireless infrastructure, acquiring land interests under towers, improving and structurally enhancing our existing wireless infrastructure, and purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. Based on the growth in small cell activity, we expect to increase our capital spending on the construction of small cell networks. We seek to fund our discretionary investments with both net cash provided by operating activities and cash available from financing capacity, such as the use of our undrawn availability from the 2016 Revolver, debt financings and issuances of equity or equity related securities. We seek to maintain a capital structure that we believe drives long-term stockholder value and optimizes our weighted-average cost of capital. We target a leverage ratio of approximately four to five times Adjusted EBITDA and interest coverage of approximately three times Adjusted EBITDA, subject to various factors, such as the availability and cost of capital and the potential long-term return on our discretionary investments. We may choose to increase or decrease our leverage or coverage from these targets for various periods of time. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to continue to pay minimal cash income taxes as a result of our REIT status and our NOLs. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2015 Form 10-K. 26 Liquidity Position. The following is a summary of our capitalization and liquidity position as of June 30, 2016 . See "Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt. Over the next 12 months: Summary Cash Flow Information Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the first six months of 2016 remained relatively consistent with the first six months of 2015 , as net growth in our business was offset by changes in working capital. Changes in working capital (including changes in accounts receivable, deferred site rental receivables, deferred rental revenues, prepaid ground leases, restricted cash, and accrued interest) can have a significant impact on net cash provided by operating activities, largely due to the timing of prepayments and receipts. We expect to grow our net cash provided by operating activities in the future (exclusive of movements in working capital) if we realize expected growth in our core business. 27 Investing Activities Capital Expenditures Our capital expenditures are categorized as discretionary or sustaining, as described below. Capital expenditures for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: Discretionary capital expenditures were impacted by the construction of small cell networks and lower amounts of improvements to existing towers. We expect to invest in discretionary capital expenditures over the next 12 months at levels equal to or greater than current levels and we expect increases in the construction of small cell networks. Sale of CCAL. See note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our May 2015 sale of CCAL, our previously 77.6% owned Australian subsidiary, including a discussion of the January 2016 receipt of the installment payment from the Buyer, which was classified within discontinued operations on the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 28 Acquisitions. See note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our TDC Acquisition, which closed in April 2016. Financing Activities We seek to allocate cash generated by our operations in a manner that will enhance long-term stockholder value, which may include various financing activities such as (in no particular order) paying dividends on our common stock (currently expected to total an aggregate of at least $1.2 billion during the next 12 months), paying dividends on our Convertible Preferred Stock (expected to be approximately $22 million prior to anticipated conversion in November 2016), purchasing our common stock, or purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. Credit Facility. In January 2016, we completed a new senior unsecured credit facility, comprised of a $2.5 billion Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility maturing in January 2021, a $2.0 billion Senior Unsecured Term Loan A Facility maturing in January 2021, and a previously outstanding $1.0 billion Senior Unsecured 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility maturing in January 2017. We utilized the proceeds together with cash on hand, to repay all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. In February 2016, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2016 Senior Notes offering to repay in full all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 364-Day Facility. The proceeds of our 2016 Revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of capital expenditures, acquisitions and purchases of our common stock. As of August 1, 2016 , there was $405 million outstanding and $2.1 billion in undrawn availability under our 2016 Revolver. See also note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Incurrence, Purchases, and Repayments of Debt. In January 2016, we utilized the proceeds from the 2016 Credit Facility, together with cash on hand, to repay all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. In February 2016, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, which consist of (1) $600.0 million aggregated principal amount of 3.40% senior notes with a final maturity date of February 2021 and (2) $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.45% senior notes with a final maturity date of February 2026. We utilized the proceeds, along with cash on hand, to (1) repay in full all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding $1.0 billion Senior Unsecured 364-Day Facility and (2) to repay $500.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In May 2016, we issued (1) $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.40% senior notes that were issued pursuant to the same indenture as the 3.40% senior notes issued in February 2016 with a final maturity date of February 2021 and (2) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70% senior notes with a final maturity date of June 2026. We utilized the proceeds (1) to repay in full the Tower Revenue Notes, Series 2010-2 and Series 2010-5 each issued by certain of our subsidiaries and (2) to repay a portion of outstanding borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. See note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Common Stock Activity. As of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , we had 337.6 million and 333.8 million common shares outstanding, respectively. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the common stock dividends. See below for a discussion of the automatic conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock during November 2016. ATM Program. In August 2015, we established an ATM stock offering program through which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate cumulative gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. We intend to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. During the six months ended June 30, 2016 , 3.8 million shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of $323.8 million . See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 29 Convertible Preferred Stock Activity . As of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , we had approximately 9.8 million shares of preferred stock outstanding. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on November 1, 2016. Currently, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into between 1.1769 shares (based on the current maximum conversion price of $84.97) and 1.4711 shares (based on the current minimum conversion price of $67.97) of common stock, depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to November 1, 2016, holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 1.1769, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. See note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Convertible Preferred Stock dividends declared and paid during 2016. Debt Covenants The credit agreement governing the 2016 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants. We are currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants, and based upon our current expectations, we believe we will continue to comply with our financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of our debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on us and may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase our securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. See our 2015 Form 10-K for a further discussion of our debt covenants, certain restrictive covenants and factors that are likely to determine our subsidiaries' ability to comply with current and future debt covenants. Accounting and Reporting Matters Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe (1) are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations or (2) require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies and estimates for 2016 are not intended to be a comprehensive list of our accounting policies and estimates. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP, with no need for management's judgment. In other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. Our critical accounting policies and estimates as of December 31, 2015 are described in "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters" and in note 2 of our consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Form 10-K. The critical accounting policies and estimates for the first three months of 2016 have not changed from the critical accounting policies for the year ended December 31, 2015 . Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted. See note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Non-GAAP and Segment Financial Measures In addition to the non-GAAP measures used herein and as discussed in note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we also provide (1) segment site rental gross margin, (2) segment network services and other gross margin, and (3) segment operating profit, which are key measures used by management to evaluate our operating segments for purposes of making decisions about allocating capital and assessing performance. These segment measures are provided pursuant to GAAP requirements related to segment reporting. We define segment site rental gross margin as segment site rental revenues less segment site rental cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and prepaid lease purchase price adjustments recorded in consolidated cost of operations. We define segment network services and other gross margin as segment network services and other revenues less segment network services and other cost of operations, which excludes stock-based compensation expense recorded in consolidated cost of operations. We define segment operating profit as segment site rental gross margin plus segment network services and other gross margin, less general and administrative expenses attributable to the respective segment. In addition, we use earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and accretion, as adjusted ("Adjusted EBITDA"), which is a non-GAAP measure, as an indicator of consolidated financial performance. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including companies in the wireless infrastructure sector or other REITs, and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not 30 be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP and should be considered only as a supplement to net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. There are material limitations to using a measure such as Adjusted EBITDA, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company, including our competitors, and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income or loss. Management compensates for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with their analysis of net income (loss). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other income (expense), benefit (provision) for income taxes, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income (loss) from discontinued operations and stock-based compensation expense. The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss) is set forth below and excludes items in the Company's Adjusted EBITDA definition which are not applicable to the periods shown. 31 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor or other interested parties in evaluating our financial performance because: Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA: 32 The following section updates "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our 2015 Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with that report as well as our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report. Interest Rate Risk Our interest rate risk relates primarily to the impact of interest rate movements on the following: Over the next 12 months, we have no debt maturities other than principal payments on amortizing debt. We currently have no interest rate swaps. Sensitivity Analysis We manage our exposure to market interest rates on our existing debt by controlling the mix of fixed and floating rate debt. As of June 30, 2016 , we had $2.4 billion of floating rate debt. As a result, a hypothetical unfavorable fluctuation in market interest rates on our existing debt of 1/8 of a percent point over a 12 month period would increase our interest expense by approximately $3 million . Tabular Information The following table provides information about our market risk related to changes in interest rates. The future principal payments and weighted-average interest rates are presented as of June 30, 2016 . These debt maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the impact of the principal payments that commence if the applicable debt is not repaid or refinanced on or prior to the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes (see footnote (c)). The information presented below regarding the variable rate debt is supplementary to our sensitivity analysis regarding the impact of changes in the interest rates. See notes 5 and 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2015 Form 10-K for additional information regarding our debt. ________________ 33 Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information relating to the Company required to be included in the Company's periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 34 PART II—OTHER INFORMATION See the disclosure in note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which disclosure is hereby incorporated herein by reference. There are no material changes to the risk factors discussed in "Item 1A—Risk Factors" in our 2015 Form 10-K. The following table summarizes information with respect to purchase of our equity securities during the second quarter of 2016 : We paid $0.1 million in cash to effect these purchases. The shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. The list of exhibits set forth in the accompanying Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference into this Item 6. 35 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 36 Exhibit Index 37