10-K 1 cci10-k123115.htm 10-K 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________ FORM 10-K __________________________ For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number 001-16441 __________________________ CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) __________________________ (713) 570-3000 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE. ______________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No o Indicated by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See definitions of a "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in rule 12B-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $26.6 billio n as of June 30, 2015 , the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the New York Stock Exchange closing price on that day of $80.30 per share. Applicable Only to Corporate Registrants As of February 15, 2016 there were 333,768,610 shares of common stock outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference The information required to be furnished pursuant to Part III of this Form 10-K will be set forth in, and incorporated by reference from, the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders (the " 2016 Proxy Statement"), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 . CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management's expectations as of the filing date of this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Statements that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "likely," "predicted," any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include plans, projections and estimates contained in "Item 1. Business," "Item 3. Legal Proceedings," "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD&A"), and "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" herein. Such forward-looking statements include (1) expectations regarding anticipated growth in the wireless industry, carriers' investments in their networks, tenant additions, customer consolidation or ownership changes, or demand for our wireless infrastructure, (2) expectations regarding non-renewals of tenant leases (including the impact of the decommissioning of the former Leap Wireless, MetroPCS and Clearwire networks), (3) availability and adequacy of cash flows and liquidity for, or plans regarding, future discretionary investments including capital expenditures, (4) potential benefits of our discretionary investments, (5) anticipated growth in our future revenues, margins, Adjusted EBITDA, and operating cash flows, (6) expectations regarding our capital structure and the credit markets, our availability and cost of capital, or our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants and the benefits of any future refinancings, (7) expectations related to remaining qualified as a real estate investment trust ("REIT"), and the advantages, benefits or impact of, or opportunities created by, our REIT status, (8) the realization and utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), and (9) our dividend policy, including the timing, amount, growth or tax characterization of any dividends. Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions, risk factors described under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" herein and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. Unless this Form 10-K indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms, "we," "our," "our company," "the company" or "us" as used in this Form 10-K refer to Crown Castle International Corp. and its predecessor (organized in 1995), as applicable, each a Delaware corporation (together, "CCIC"), and their subsidiaries. PART I Item 1. Business Overview We own, operate and lease shared wireless infrastructure, including: (1) towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), and (2) small cell networks supported by fiber (collectively, "small cells," and together with towers, "wireless infrastructure"). Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our shared wireless infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including license, sublease and lease agreements (collectively, "leases"). We seek to increase our site rental revenues by adding more tenants on our shared wireless infrastructure, which we expect to result in significant incremental cash flows due to our relatively fixed operating costs. Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See "Item 1. Business— Industry Highlights and Company Developments —REIT Election." Certain information concerning our business as of December 31, 2015 is as follows: Certain information concerning our customers and site rental leases as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: As part of our effort to provide comprehensive wireless infrastructure solutions, we offer certain network services relating to our wireless infrastructure, consisting of (1) the following site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations on our wireless infrastructure: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting (collectively, "site development services") and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations (collectively, "installation services"). Strategy Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. The key elements of our strategy are to: 1 Our strategy to create long-term stockholder value is based on our belief that additional demand for our wireless infrastructure will be created by the expected continued growth in demand for wireless connectivity. We believe that such demand for our wireless infrastructure will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing wireless infrastructure, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for new wireless infrastructure. 2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments See "Item 1. Business—Overview," "Item 1. Business—The Company," "Item 7. MD&A" and our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of certain recent developments and activities, including (1) the increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, (2) our May 2015 sale of our formerly 77.6% owned Australian subsidiary ("CCAL"), (3) our August 2015 acquisition of Quanta Fiber Networks, Inc. ("Sunesys Acquisition"), and (4) our recent financing activities. REIT Election. We commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes effective January 1, 2014. As a REIT, we are generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that we pay and therefore are not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our net taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. We also may be subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on our income or assets, including (1) alternative minimum taxes, (2) taxes on any undistributed income, (3) taxes related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries (" TRSs"), (4) certain state, local, or foreign income taxes, (5) franchise taxes, (6) property taxes and (7) transfer taxes. In addition, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code") to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. In August 2014, we received a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), which provides that the real property portion of our small cells and the related rents qualify as real property and rents from real property, respectively, under the rules governing REITs. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we completed the necessary steps to include our small cells that were previously included in one or more wholly-owned TRSs in the REIT effective January 2016 . Substantially all of our revenues are in the REIT. Additionally, we have included in TRSs certain other assets and operations. Those TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. Our foreign assets and operations (including our tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether they are included in a TRS or not. 2 To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we will generally be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, after the utilization of our NOLs, (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders (see notes 2 and 11 to our consolidated financial statements). Our quarterly common stock dividend will delay the utilization of our NOLs and may cause certain of the NOLs to expire without utilization. Wireless Industry Update. During 2015 , consumer demand for wireless connectivity continued to grow due to increases in wireless data consumption and increased penetration of bandwidth intensive devices. This growth in wireless consumption is driven by the increased usage of wireless applications, including (1) mobile entertainment (such as mobile video, mobile applications, and social networking), (2) mobile internet usage (such as email and web browsing) and (3) machine-to-machine applications (also known as "the Internet of Things"). As a result, consumer wireless devices are trending toward bandwidth-intensive devices such as smartphones, laptops, tablets and other emerging devices. The major wireless carriers continue to upgrade and enhance their networks, which has translated into additional demand for our wireless infrastructure. We expect that consumers' growing wireless consumption will likely result in wireless carriers continuing to invest in their networks and focus on improving network quality and capacity by adding additional antennas or other equipment for the transmission of their services to wireless infrastructure in an effort to improve customer retention or satisfaction. Additionally, spectrum licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") has enabled continued wireless carrier network development. We expect this development and the potential availability of additional spectrum through government auctions to enable continued future carrier network development and potential demand for our wireless infrastructure. The Company Following the sale of CCAL in May 2015, virtually all of our operations are located in the U.S. We conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries of Crown Castle Operating Company ("CCOC"). For more information about our operating segment, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements and "Item 7. MD&A ." Site Rental. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our shared wireless infrastructure in the U.S, which predominately consists of towers and small cells. We predominately provide access to wireless carriers under long-term leases for their antennas which transmit a variety of signals related to wireless connectivity. Our small cells are primarily located outdoors. To a lesser extent, we offer fiber solutions including dark fiber and lit fiber. We believe our wireless infrastructure is integral to our customers' networks and their ability to serve their customers. We acquired ownership interests or exclusive rights to the majority of our towers from the four largest wireless carriers (or their predecessors) through transactions consummated since 1999, including transactions with (1) AT&T in 2013 ("AT&T Acquisition"), (2) T-Mobile in 2012 ("T-Mobile Acquisition"), (3) Global Signal Inc. in 2007 ("Global Signal Acquisition") , which had originally acquired the majority of its towers from Sprint, (4) companies now part of Verizon Wireless during 1999 and 2000, and (5) companies now part of AT&T during 1999 and 2000. Our small cell assets include those acquired from NextG Networks, Inc. in 2012 ("NextG Acquisition") and the Sunesys Acquisition in 2015. We generally receive monthly rental payments from tenants, payable under long-term leases. We have existing master lease agreements with most wireless carriers, including AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and Sprint; such agreements provide certain terms (including economic terms) that govern leases on our wireless infrastructure entered into by such carriers during the term of their master lease agreements. We generally negotiate initial contract terms of five to 15 years, with multiple renewal periods at the option of the tenant of five to ten years each, and our leases typically include fixed escalations. We continue to endeavor to negotiate with our existing customer base for longer contractual terms, which often contain fixed escalation rates. Our tenant leases have historically had a high renewal rate. With limited exceptions, our tenant leases may not be terminated prior to the end of their current term, and non-renewals have averaged approximately 2% of site rental revenues over the last five years. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" regarding future anticipated non-renewals as a result of the decommissioning, at least in part, of the former Leap Wireless, MetroPCS and Clearwire networks ("Acquired Networks"). In general, each tenant lease which is renewable will automatically renew at the end of its term unless the tenant provides prior notice of its intent not to renew. See note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the minimum rental cash payments due to us by tenants pursuant to tenant agreements without consideration of tenant renewal options. The average monthly rental payment of a new tenant added to wireless infrastructure can vary based on (1) aggregate tenant volume, (2) the different regions in the U.S., or (3) the physical size, weight and shape of the antenna installation and related equipment. With respect to our small cells, the amount of the monthly payments can also be influenced by similar factors, as well as the amount or cost of (1) construction for initial and subsequent tenants, (2) fiber strands, (3) equipment at the site, or (4) any upfront payments received. We also routinely receive rental payment increases in connection with lease amendments, pursuant to which our tenants add additional antennas or other equipment to wireless infrastructure on which they already have equipment pursuant to preexisting leases. 3 In excess of two-thirds of our direct site operating expenses consist of lease expenses and the remainder includes property taxes, repairs and maintenance, employee compensation or related benefit costs, or utilities. Our cash operating expenses tend to escalate at approximately the rate of inflation, partially offset by reductions in cash lease expenses from our purchases of land interests. As a result of the relatively fixed nature of these expenditures, the addition of new tenants is achieved at a low incremental operating cost, resulting in high incremental operating cash flows. Our wireless infrastructure portfolio requires minimal sustaining capital expenditures, including maintenance or other non-discretionary capital expenditures, and are typically approximately 2% of net revenues. See note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the rental cash payments owed by us to landlords pursuant to our contractual agreements. Network Services. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive solutions, we offer certain network services relating to our wireless infrastructure, predominately consisting of (1) site development services and (2) installation services. For 2015 , 65% of our network services and other revenues related to installation services, and the remainder predominately related to site development services. We have grown our network service revenues over the last several years as a result of increased volumes resulting from carrier network upgrades, promoting site development services, expanding the scope of our services, and our focus on customer service and deployment speed. We have the capability and expertise to install, with the assistance of our network of subcontractors, equipment or antenna systems for our customers. We do not always provide the installation services or site development services for our customers on our wireless infrastructure as third parties also provide these services (see also "—Competition" below). These activities are typically non-recurring and highly competitive, with a number of local competitors in most markets. Typically, our installation services are billed on a cost-plus profit basis and site development services are billed on a fixed fee basis. Customers. We work extensively with large national wireless carriers, and in general, our customers are primarily comprised of providers of wireless connectivity that operate national or regional networks. Our four largest customers (AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and Sprint) collectively accounted for 90% of our 2015 site rental revenues. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. Sales and Marketing. Our sales organization markets our wireless infrastructure within the wireless industry with the objective of providing access to existing wireless infrastructure or to new wireless infrastructure prior to construction. We seek to become the critical partner and preferred independent wireless infrastructure provider for our customers and increase customer satisfaction relative to our peers by leveraging our (1) customer relationships, (2) process-centric approach, and (3) technological tools. A team of national account directors maintains our relationships with our largest customers. These directors work to develop wireless infrastructure leasing, as well as to ensure that customers' wireless infrastructure needs are efficiently translated into new leases on our wireless infrastructure. Sales personnel in our area offices develop and maintain local relationships with our customers that are expanding their networks, entering new markets, bringing new technologies to market or requiring maintenance or add-on business. In addition to our full-time sales or marketing staff, a number of senior managers and officers spend a significant portion of their time on sales and marketing activities and call on existing or prospective customers. Competition. We face competition for site rental tenants from various sources, including (1) other independent wireless infrastructure owners or operators, including towers, rooftops, broadcast towers, utility poles, fiber providers, distributed antenna systems ("DAS") or other small cells, or (2) new alternative deployment methods in the wireless industry. Some of the larger independent tower companies with which we compete include American Tower Corporation and SBA Communications Corporation. We believe that tower location, deployment speed, quality of service, capacity and price have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting the leasing of wireless infrastructure. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors." Competitors in our network services offering include site acquisition consultants, zoning consultants, real estate firms, right-of-way consulting firms, construction companies, tower owners or managers, radio frequency engineering consultants, telecommunications equipment vendors who can provide turnkey site development services through multiple subcontractors, or our customers' internal staff. We believe that our customers base their decisions on the outsourcing of network services on criteria such as a company's experience, track record, local reputation, price, or time for completion of a project. Sale of CCAL. On May 28, 2015, we completed the sale of our formerly 77.6% owned Australian subsidiary, CCAL, to a consortium of investors led by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets. At closing, we received net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion after accounting for our ownership interest, repayment of intercompany debt owed to us by CCAL and estimated transaction fees and expenses, exclusive of the impact of foreign currency swaps related to the CCAL sale. CCAL had historically been a separate operating segment. The sale of our CCAL operating segment is treated as discontinued operations for all periods presented and represents a strategic shift for us to focus on U.S. operations. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 4 Employees At January 31, 2016 , we employed approximately 2,700 people. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages, and management believes that our employee relations are satisfactory. Regulatory and Environmental Matters We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state, and local regulations and laws in the U.S., including FCC and Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") regulations and those discussed under "—Environmental" below. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international regulations. The summary below is based on regulations currently in effect, and such regulations are subject to review or modification by the applicable governmental authority from time to time. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be fined or even lose our rights to conduct some of our business. Federal Regulations. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless communications, radio, or television broadcasting. Such regulations control the siting, lighting, or marking of towers and may, depending on the characteristics of particular towers, require the registration of tower facilities with the FCC and the issuance of determinations confirming no hazard to air traffic. Wireless communications devices operating on towers are separately regulated and independently licensed based upon the particular frequency used. In addition, the FCC and the FAA have developed standards to consider proposals for new or modified tower or antenna structures based upon the height or location, including proximity to airports. Proposals to construct or to modify existing tower or antenna structures above certain heights are reviewed by the FAA to ensure the structure will not present a hazard to aviation, which determination may be conditioned upon compliance with lighting or marking requirements. The FCC requires its licensees to operate communications devices only on towers that comply with FAA rules and are registered with the FCC, if required by its regulations. Where tower lighting is required by FAA regulation, tower owners bear the responsibility of notifying the FAA of any tower lighting outage and ensuring the timely restoration of such outages. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements may lead to civil penalties. Local Regulations. The U.S. Telecommunications Act of 1996 amended the Communications Act of 1934 to preserve state and local zoning authorities' jurisdiction over the siting of communications towers and small cells. The law, however, limits local zoning authority by prohibiting actions by local authorities that discriminate between different service providers of wireless communications or ban altogether the provision of wireless communications. Additionally, the law prohibits state and local restrictions based on the environmental effects of radio frequency emissions to the extent the facilities comply with FCC regulations. Local regulations include city and other local ordinances (including subdivision and zoning ordinances), approvals for construction, modification and removal of towers and small cells, and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers. These regulations vary greatly, but typically require us to obtain approval from local officials prior to tower construction. Local zoning authorities may render decisions that prevent the construction or modification of towers or place conditions on such construction or modifications that are responsive to community residents' concerns regarding the height, visibility, or other characteristics of the towers. Over the last several years, there have been several developments related to FCC regulations and legislation that assist in expediting and streamlining the deployment of wireless networks, including establishing timeframes for reviews by local and state governments. Notwithstanding such legislative and FCC actions, decisions of local zoning authorities may also adversely affect the timing or cost of wireless infrastructure construction or modification. Some of our small cell related subsidiaries hold authorization to provide intrastate telecommunication services as competitive local exchange carriers ("CLEC") in numerous states and to provide domestic interstate telecommunication services as authorized by the FCC. These small cell subsidiaries are primarily regulated by state public service commissions which have jurisdiction over public rights-of-way. CLEC status, in certain cases, helps promote access to such public rights-of-way, which is beneficial to the deployment of our small cells on a timely basis. Status as a CLEC often allows us to deploy our small cells in locations where zoning restrictions might otherwise delay, restrict, or prevent building or expanding traditional wireless tower sites or traditional wireless rooftop sites. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors." Environmental. We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations protecting environmental quality, including air and water quality and wildlife protection. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international environmental regulations or matters. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors." The construction of new towers or, in some cases, the modification of existing towers in the U.S. may be subject to environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, as amended ("NEPA"), which requires federal agencies to evaluate the environmental impact of major federal actions. The FCC has promulgated regulations implementing NEPA which require applicants to investigate the potential environmental impact of the proposed tower construction. Should the proposed tower construction present a significant environmental impact, the FCC must prepare an environmental impact statement, subject 5 to public comment. If the proposed construction or modification of a tower may have a significant impact on the environment, the FCC's approval of the construction or modification could be significantly delayed. Our operations are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission, or remediation of, or exposure to, hazardous or non-hazardous substances, materials, or wastes. As an owner, lessee, or operator of real property, we are subject to certain environmental laws that impose strict, joint-and-several liability for the cleanup of on-site or off-site contamination relating to existing or historical operations; or we could also be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to such contamination. In general, our customer contracts prohibit our customers from using or storing any hazardous substances on our tower sites in violation of applicable environmental laws and require our customers to provide notice of certain environmental conditions caused by them. As licensees and wireless infrastructure owners, we are also subject to regulations and guidelines that impose a variety of operational requirements relating to radio frequency emissions. As employers, we are subject to Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar guidelines regarding employee protection from radio frequency exposure. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. We have compliance programs and monitoring projects to help assure that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing or future environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on us. Other Regulations. We hold, through certain of our subsidiaries, licenses for common carrier microwave service, which are subject to additional regulation by the FCC. We also have an FCC license relating to our 1670-1675 MHz U.S. nationwide spectrum license ("Spectrum"), which we have leased to a third party through 2023, subject to the lessee's option to purchase the Spectrum. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document, when evaluating your investment in our securities. Risks Relating to Our Business Our business depends on the demand for our wireless infrastructure, driven primarily by demand for wireless connectivity, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in carrier network investment may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for tenant additions or network services). Demand for our wireless infrastructure depends on the demand for antenna space from our customers, which, in turn, depends on the demand for wireless connectivity by their customers. The willingness of our customers to utilize our wireless infrastructure, or renew or extend existing leases on our wireless infrastructure, is affected by numerous factors, including: 6 A slowdown in demand for wireless connectivity or our wireless infrastructure may negatively impact our growth or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, as a result of disruptions in the financial and credit markets or otherwise, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect our anticipated growth or the demand for our wireless infrastructure or network services. The amount, timing, and mix of our customers' network investment is variable and can be significantly impacted by the various matters described in these risk factors. Changes in carrier network investment typically impact the demand for our wireless infrastructure. As a result, changes in carrier plans such as delays in the implementation of new systems, new technologies (including small cells), or plans to expand coverage or capacity may reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure. Furthermore, the wireless industry could experience a slowdown or slowing growth rates as a result of numerous factors, including a reduction in consumer demand for wireless connectivity or general economic conditions. There can be no assurances that weakness or uncertainty in the economic environment will not adversely impact the wireless industry, which may materially and adversely affect our business, including by reducing demand for our wireless infrastructure or network services. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition for site rental customers or network services. A wireless industry slowdown or a reduction in carrier network investment may materially and adversely affect our business. For a further discussion of our risks relating to network services, see "—Our network services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results" below. A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of customers, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of our limited number of customers may materially decrease revenues or reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure and network services. For 2015 , our site rental revenues by customer were as follows: The loss of any one of our large customers as a result of consolidation, merger, bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, roaming, joint development, resale agreements by our customers or otherwise may result in (1) a material decrease in our revenues, (2) uncollectible account receivables, (3) an impairment of our deferred site rental receivables, wireless infrastructure assets, intangible assets, or (4) other adverse effects to our business. We cannot guarantee that leases with our major customers will not be terminated or that these customers will renew their leases with us. In addition to our four largest customers, we also derive a portion of our revenues and anticipated future growth from new entrants offering or contemplating offering wireless services; such customers may be smaller or have less financial resources than our four largest customers, have business models which may not be successful, or may require additional capital. See also "Item 1. Business—The Company" and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. Consolidation among our customers will likely result in duplicate or overlapping parts of networks, for example where they are co-residents on a tower, which may result in the termination or non-renewal of tenant leases and impact revenues from our wireless infrastructure. We expect that any termination of tenant leases as a result of this potential consolidation would be spread over multiple years. Such consolidation may result in a reduction in such customers' future network investment in the aggregate because their expansion plans may be similar. Wireless carrier consolidation could decrease the demand for our wireless infrastructure, which in turn may result in a reduction in our revenues or cash flows. 7 In recent years, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint acquired Leap Wireless, MetroPCS, and Clearwire, respectively. During 2016 , we expect site rental revenues to be impacted by non-renewals of $70 million to $80 million as a result of the decommissioning of the Acquired Networks. The Acquired Networks represented approximately 10% of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 . We currently expect potential non-renewals from the decommissioning of the Acquired Networks to be approximately 60% of current run-rate site rental revenues related to the Acquired Networks, with the majority of such non-renewals to occur predominately from 2016 through 2018. Depending on the eventual network deployment and decommissioning plans of AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint, the impact and timing of such non-renewals may vary from our expectations. See note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the minimum rental cash payments due to us by tenants pursuant to tenant agreements without consideration of tenant renewal options. The business model for our small cell operations contains certain differences from our traditional site rental business, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate that business model or identify or manage those operational risks, such operations may produce results that are less than anticipated. The business model for our small cell operations contains certain differences from our traditional tower operations, including differences relating to customer contract terms, landlord demographics, ownership of certain network assets, operational oversight requirements (including requirements for service level agreements regarding network performance and maintenance), and applicable laws. While our small cell operations have certain risks that are similar to our tower operations, they also have certain operational risks that are different from our traditional site rental business, including the (1) use of competitive local exchange carrier, which we refer to as CLEC status, (2) use of public rights-of-ways and franchise agreements, (3) use of poles owned solely by, or jointly with, third parties, or (4) risks relating to overbuilding. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining right-of-way agreements, obtaining future agreements on acceptable terms, or that our CLEC status will be recognized. In addition, the rate at which wireless carriers adopt or prioritize small cells may be lower or slower than we anticipate. Our small cell operations will also expose us to different safety or liability risks or hazards than our traditional site rental business as a result of numerous factors, including the location or nature of the assets involved. Because small cells are comparatively new technologies and are continuing to evolve, there may be other risks related to small cells of which we are not yet aware. Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments and Convertible Preferred Stock limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. As a result of our substantial indebtedness: Currently we have debt instruments in place that limit in certain circumstances our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, create liens, sell assets, or engage in certain mergers and acquisitions, among other things. In addition, the credit agreement governing our senior unsecured credit facility agreement ("2016 Credit Facility") contains financial maintenance covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants or to satisfy our debt obligations will depend on our future operating performance. If we violate the restrictions in our debt instruments or fail to comply with our financial maintenance covenants, we will be in default under those instruments, which in some cases would cause the maturity of a substantial portion of our long-term indebtedness to be accelerated. Furthermore, if the limits on our ability to pay dividends prevent us from satisfying our REIT distribution requirements, we could fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT. If these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT but nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to 8 federal and state corporate income taxes, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on our undistributed taxable income. If our operating subsidiaries were to default on their debt, the trustee could seek to foreclose the collateral securing such debt, in which case we could lose the wireless infrastructure and the revenues associated with the wireless infrastructure. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt Covenants" for a further discussion of our debt covenants. CCIC is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, CCIC's sources of cash to pay interest or principal on its outstanding indebtedness are distributions relating to its respective ownership interests in its subsidiaries from the net earnings and cash flows generated by such subsidiaries or from proceeds of debt or equity offerings. Earnings and cash flows generated by CCIC's subsidiaries are first applied by such subsidiaries to conduct their operations, including servicing their respective debt obligations, after which any excess cash flows generally may be paid to such holding company, in the absence of any special conditions such as a continuing event of default. However, CCIC's subsidiaries are legally distinct from the holding company and, unless they guarantee such debt, have no obligation to pay amounts due on their debt or to make funds available to us for such payment. If we fail to pay scheduled dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock, in cash, common stock, or any combination of cash and common stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our status as a REIT. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets to meet our debt payment obligations. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness (approximately $12.1 billion as of February 15, 2016 ), which we will need to refinance or repay. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a tabular presentation of our contractual debt maturities. There can be no assurances we will be able to refinance our indebtedness (1) on commercially reasonable terms, (2) on terms, including with respect to interest rates, as favorable as our current debt, or (3) at all. Economic conditions and the credit markets have historically experienced, and may continue to experience, periods of volatility, uncertainty, or weakness that could impact the availability or cost of debt financing, including any refinancing of the obligations described above or on our ability to draw the full amount of our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility ("2016 Revolver"), that, as of February 15, 2016 , has $2.1 billion of undrawn availability. If we are unable to repay or refinance our debt, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flows from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt, fund our planned capital expenditures or pay future dividends. In such an event, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets to meet our debt payment obligations. Failure to repay or refinance indebtedness when required could result in a default under such indebtedness. If we incur additional indebtedness, any such indebtedness could exacerbate the risks described above. Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales or issuances of common stock or other equity related securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, including any shares of our common stock issued to finance capital expenditures, finance acquisitions or repay debt. Our business strategy contemplates access to external financing to fund certain discretionary investments, which may include issuances of common stock or other equity related securities. In August 2015, we established an "at-the-market" stock offering program ("ATM Program") through which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. As of February 15, 2016 , we had 333.8 shares of common stock outstanding. We have reserved 12.3 million and 14.5 million of shares of common stock, respectively, for issuance in connection with awards granted under our various stock compensation plans and our Convertible Preferred Stock, which will automatically convert into common stock on November 1, 2016. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Preferred Stock." The dividends on our Convertible Preferred Stock may also be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock. Further, a small number of common stockholders own a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. If any one of these common stockholders, or any group of our common stockholders, sells a large quantity of shares of our common stock, or the public market perceives that existing common stockholders might sell a large quantity of shares of our common stock, the market price of our common stock may significantly decline. 9 As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to achieve favorable rental rates on our new or renewing tenant leases. Our growth is dependent on our entering into new tenant leases (including amendments to leases upon modification of an existing installation), as well as renewing or renegotiating tenant leases when existing tenant leases terminate. Competition in our industry may make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, maintain or increase our gross margins, or maintain or increase our market share. We face competition for site rental tenants from various sources, including (1) other independent wireless infrastructure owners or operators, including towers, rooftops, broadcast towers, utility poles, fiber providers, DAS or other small cells, or (2) new alternative deployment methods in the wireless industry. Our small cell operations may have different competitors than our traditional site rental business, including other owners of small cells or fiber, as well as new entrants into small cells, some of which may have larger networks or greater financial resources than we have. New technologies may reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements in the efficiency, architecture, and design of wireless networks may reduce the demand for our wireless infrastructure. For example, new technologies that may promote network sharing, joint development, or resale agreements by our customers, such as signal combining technologies or network functions virtualization, may reduce the need for our wireless infrastructure. In addition, other technologies, such as WiFi, DAS, femtocells, other small cells, or satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may, in the future, serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, leasing that might otherwise be anticipated or expected on wireless infrastructure had such technologies not existed. In addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency, and capacity of wireless equipment could reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our wireless infrastructure resulting from the new technologies may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic growth opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We seek to expand and develop our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings (such as small cells and fiber), or other strategic growth opportunities. In the ordinary course of our business, we review, analyze, and evaluate various potential transactions or other activities in which we may engage. Such transactions or activities could cause disruptions in, increase risk or otherwise negatively impact our business. Among other things, such transactions and activities may: If we fail to retain rights to our wireless infrastructure, including the land interests under our towers, our business may be adversely affected. The property interests on which our wireless infrastructure resides, including the land interests under our towers, consist of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests may interfere with our ability to conduct our business or generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze, or verify all information regarding titles or other issues prior to purchasing wireless infrastructure. Further, we may not be able to renew ground leases on commercially viable terms. Our ability to retain rights to the land interests on which our towers reside depends on our ability to purchase such land, including fee interests and perpetual easements, or renegotiate or extend the terms of the leases relating to such land. Approximately 11% of our site rental gross margins for the year ended December 31, 2015 were derived from towers where the leases for the interests under such towers had final expiration dates of less than ten years. If we are unable to retain rights to the property interests on which our wireless infrastructure resides, our business may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2015 , approximately 54% of our towers were leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase some or all of these towers at the time these options are exercisable. Even if we do have 10 available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase these towers or some or all of the T-Mobile or AT&T towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisition of these towers may not exceed the costs, which could adversely affect our business. Additional information concerning these towers and the applicable purchase options as of December 31, 2015 is as follows: Under master lease or master prepaid lease arrangements we have with AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile, certain of our subsidiaries lease or sublease, or are otherwise granted the right to manage and operate, towers from bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of such carriers. If one of these bankruptcy remote subsidiaries should become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding and is permitted to reject the underlying ground lease, our subsidiaries could lose their interest in the applicable sites. If our subsidiaries were to lose their interest in the applicable sites or if the applicable ground leases were to be terminated, we would lose the cash flow derived from the towers on those sites, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have similar bankruptcy risks with respect to sites that we operate under management agreements. Our network services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. The operating results of our network services business for any particular period may vary significantly and should not necessarily be considered indicative of longer-term results for this activity. Our network services business is generally driven by demand for our wireless infrastructure and may be adversely impacted by various factors, including: New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by customers as rapidly or in the manner projected. There can be no assurances that new wireless services or technologies will be introduced or deployed as rapidly or in the manner projected by the wireless carriers. In addition, demand or customer adoption rates for such new technologies may be lower or slower than anticipated for numerous reasons. As a result, growth opportunities or demand for our wireless infrastructure arising from such technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. 11 If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. A variety of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations apply to our business, including those discussed in "Item 1. Business." Failure to comply with applicable requirements may lead to civil penalties or require us to assume indemnification obligations or breach contractual provisions. We cannot guarantee that existing or future laws or regulations, including state and local tax laws, will not adversely affect our business, increase delays or result in additional costs. These factors may have a material adverse effect on us. If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our wireless infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. We cannot guarantee that claims relating to radio frequency emissions will not arise in the future or that the results of such studies will not be adverse to us. Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular or other wireless connectivity services may slow or diminish the growth of wireless companies, which may in turn slow or diminish our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks may slow or diminish the market acceptance of wireless services. If a connection between radio frequency emissions and possible negative health effects were established, our operations, costs, or revenues may be materially and adversely affected. We currently do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation ("Charter"), amended and restated by-laws ("by-laws") and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. We have a number of anti-takeover devices in place that will hinder takeover attempts or may reduce the market value of our common stock. Our anti-takeover provisions include: Our by-laws permit special meetings of the stockholders to be called only upon the request of our Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the board of directors, and deny stockholders the ability to call such meetings. Such provisions, as well as the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, may impede a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. In addition, domestic or international competition laws may prevent or discourage us from acquiring wireless infrastructure in certain geographical areas or impede a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We may be vulnerable to security breaches that could adversely affect our operations, business, operations, and reputation. Despite existing security measures, certain of our wireless infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, and other security breaches. An attack attempt or security breach could potentially result in (1) interruption or cessation of certain of our services to our customers, (2) our inability to meet expected levels of service, or (3) data transmitted over our customers' networks being compromised. We cannot guarantee that our security measures will not be circumvented, resulting in customer network failures or interruptions that could impact our customers' network availability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operational results. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against or recover from such threats. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, and we could lose customers. Further, the perpetrators of cyber-attacks are not restricted to particular groups or persons. These attacks may be committed by our employees or external actors operating in any geography. Any such events could result in legal claims or penalties, disruption in operations, misappropriation of sensitive data, damage to our reputation, negative market perception, or costly response measures, which could adversely affect our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Election 12 Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. During each of the first three quarters of 2015, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.82 per share, totaling approximately $821.1 million. In October 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, from an annual amount of $3.28 per share to an annual amount of $3.54 per share. As such, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.885 per share in October 2015, which represented an increase of 8% from the quarterly dividend declared during each of the first three quarters of 2015. We currently expect such dividends to result in aggregate annual cash payments of approximately $1.2 billion during the next 12 months. Over time, we expect to increase our dividend per share generally commensurate with our realized growth in cash flows. Future dividends are subject to the approval of our board of directors. See notes 12 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we will generally be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income after the utilization of any available NOLs, (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders. Our quarterly cash common stock dividend will delay the utilization of our NOLs and may cause certain of the NOLs to expire without utilization. See also "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Common Stock Dividend" and "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments—REIT Election." As discussed in "Item 1. MD&A—Business—Strategy," we seek to invest our capital, including the net cash provided by our operating activities as well as external financing sources, in a manner that we believe will increase long-term stockholder value on a risk-adjusted basis. Our historical discretionary investments have included the following (in no particular order): purchasing our common stock, acquiring or constructing wireless infrastructure, acquiring land interests under towers, improving or structurally enhancing our existing wireless infrastructure, or purchasing, repaying or redeeming our debt. External financing, including debt, equity, and equity-related issuances to fund future discretionary investments either (1) may not be available to us or (2) may not be accessible by us at terms that would result in the investment of the net proceeds raised yielding incremental growth in our per share operating results. As a result, future dividend payments may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations or otherwise adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. See also "— If we fail to pay scheduled dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock, in cash, common stock, or any combination of cash and common stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our status as a REIT " below . Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the US Internal Revenue Code. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would result in our inability to deduct dividends to stockholders when computing our taxable income, which would reduce our available cash. Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal tax purposes. As a REIT, we are generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that we pay and therefore are not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our net taxable income that is currently distributed to our common stockholders. While we intend to operate so that we remain qualified as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will qualify as a REIT for any particular year. If, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT and are not entitled to relief under the Code , then: Although we may have federal NOLs available to reduce any taxable income, to the extent our federal NOLs have been utilized or are otherwise unavailable, any such corporate tax liability could be substantial, would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes and might necessitate the borrowing of additional funds or the liquidation of some investments to pay any additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for investment would be reduced. 13 Under the Code, for taxable years beginning before 2018, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs or other non-qualifying assets. For taxable years beginning in 2018, the limit on the value of assets of a REIT that may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs or other non-qualifying assets will reduce to 20%. These current or future limitations may affect our ability to make additional investments in non-REIT qualifying operations or assets, or in any operations held through TRSs. The net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed to us, and income that is not distributed to us generally will not be subject to the REIT income distribution requirement. However, there may be limitations on our ability to accumulate earnings in our TRSs and the accumulation or reinvestment of significant earnings in our TRSs could result in adverse tax treatment. In particular, if the accumulation of cash in our TRSs causes the fair market value of our securities in our TRSs or certain other non-qualifying assets to exceed current or future limitations of the fair market value of our assets at the end of any quarter, then we may fail to remain qualified as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements, including the 90% distribution requirement, may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, including certain discretionary investments and potential financing alternatives. To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we will generally be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income after the utilization of any available NOLs (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders. We commenced declaring regular quarterly dividends to our common stockholders beginning with the first quarter of 2014. See notes 12 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. Any such dividends, however, are subject to the determination and approval of our board of directors based on then-current and anticipated future conditions, including our earnings, net cash provided by operating activities, capital requirements, financial condition, our relative market capitalization, our existing federal NOLs of approximately $1.3 billion , of which substantially all are available to offset REIT taxable income, or other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. To the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income (after the application of available NOLs, if any), we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. From time to time, we may generate REIT taxable income greater than our cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. If we do not have other funds available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices, or distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT dividend requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. Furthermore, the REIT dividend requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth, or expansion initiatives, which would increase our total leverage. In addition to satisfying the distribution test, to remain qualified as a REIT for tax purposes, we will need to continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets and the ownership of our capital stock. Compliance with these tests will require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities, or investments in the businesses to be conducted by our TRSs, and to that extent, limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisition opportunities in domestic or international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with some REIT requirements prior to completing any such acquisition. In addition, our conversion to a REIT may result in investor pressures not to pursue growth opportunities that are not immediately accretive. Moreover, if we fail to comply with certain asset ownership tests, at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification. As a result, we may be required to liquidate assets in adverse market conditions or forgo otherwise attractive investments. These actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. If we fail to pay scheduled dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock, in cash, common stock, or any combination of cash and common stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our status as a REIT. The terms of the Convertible Preferred Stock provide that, unless accumulated dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on our common stock. If that were to occur, the inability to pay dividends on our common stock might jeopardize our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. 14 We have limited experience operating as a REIT. Our failure to successfully operate as a REIT may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flow, the per share trading price of our common stock, or our ability to satisfy debt service obligations. We have limited operating history as a REIT. In addition, our senior management team has limited experience operating a REIT. We cannot assure you that our past experience will be sufficient to operate our company successfully as a REIT, including our ability to remain qualified as a REIT. Failure to maintain REIT status could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, or ability to satisfy debt service obligations. REIT related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions may prevent or restrict certain transfers of our capital stock. In order for us to continue to satisfy the requirements for REIT qualification, our capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). Also, not more than 50% of the value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer “individuals” (as defined in the Code to include certain entities such as private foundations) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). In order to facilitate compliance with the REIT rules, our Charter includes provisions that implement REIT-related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions that generally prohibit any person (as defined in our Charter) from beneficially or constructively owning, or being deemed to beneficially or constructively own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8%, by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or 9.8% in aggregate value of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our capital stock, including our common stock and any shares of our Convertible Preferred Stock. In addition, our Charter provides for certain other ownership limitations and transfer restrictions. Under applicable constructive ownership rules, any shares of capital stock owned by certain affiliated owners generally would be added together for purposes of the ownership limitations. These ownership limitations and transfer restrictions could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for our capital stock or otherwise might be in the best interest of our stockholders. Available Information and Certifications We maintain an internet website at www.crowncastle.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K (and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are made available, free of charge, through the investor relations section of our internet website at http://investor.crowncastle.com and at the SEC's website at http://sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. You may also read or copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. In addition, our corporate governance guidelines, business practices, and ethics policy and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee are available through the investor relations section of our internet website at http://www.crowncastle.com/investor/corporateGovernance.aspx, and such information is also available in print to any stockholder who requests it. We submitted the Chief Executive Officer certification required by Section 303A.12(a) of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") Listed Company Manual, relating to compliance with the NYSE's corporate governance listing standards, to the NYSE on June 8, 2015 with no qualifications. We have included the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 15 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Offices Our principal corporate headquarters is owned and located in Houston, Texas. In addition, we have offices throughout the U.S. in locations convenient for the management and operation of our wireless infrastructure with significant consideration being given to the amount of our wireless infrastructure located in a particular area. Wireless Infrastructure We own, lease or manage approximately 40,000 towers geographically dispersed throughout the U.S. Towers are vertical metal structures generally ranging in height from 50 to 300 feet. In addition, our customers' wireless equipment may also be placed on building rooftops and other structures. Our towers are located on tracts of land with an average size of approximately 15,000 square feet. These tracts of land support the towers, equipment shelters, and where applicable, guy-wires to stabilize the structure. Additionally, we own approximately 16,000 miles of fiber supporting our small cells designed to facilitate wireless connectivity. The majority of our fiber are located in major metropolitan areas. Our small cells are typically located in areas in which zoning restrictions or other barriers may prevent or delay the deployment of a tower and often are attached to public right-of-way infrastructure, including utility poles or street lights. See "Item 1. Business—Overview" for information regarding our wireless infrastructure portfolio including our land interests and for a discussion of the location of our towers, including the percentage of our towers in the top 50 and 100 BTAs. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Contractual Cash Obligations" for a tabular presentation of the remaining terms to final expiration of the leases for the land interests which we do not own and on which our towers are located as of December 31, 2015 . As of February 15, 2016 , approximately 48% of our debt is secured. Certain of our wireless infrastructure is held in subsidiaries whose equity interests have been pledged, directly or indirectly, along with other collateral to secure such indebtedness. See note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Approximately 54% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. See note 1 to our consolidated financial statements and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a further discussion. Substantially all of our wireless infrastructure can accommodate additional tenancy either as currently constructed or with appropriate modifications to the structure (which may include extensions or structural reinforcement). Additionally, if so inclined as a result of a customer request for a tenant addition, we could generally replace an existing tower with another tower in its place providing additional capacity, subject to certain restrictions. 16 As of December 31, 2015 , the average number of tenants (defined as a unique license or any related amendments thereto for count purposes) per tower is approximately 2.2 on our towers. The following chart sets forth the number of existing tenants per tower as of December 31, 2015 (see "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" for a discussion of our impairment evaluation and our towers with no tenants). Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are periodically involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Most of these proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business involve disputes with landlords, vendors, collection matters involving bankrupt customers, zoning or variance matters, condemnation, tax, employment, or wrongful termination matters. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not expect any pending matters to have a material adverse effect on us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures N/A 17 PART II Price Range of Common Stock Our common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol "CCI." The following table sets forth for the calendar periods indicated the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported by the NYSE. As of February 15, 2016 , there were approximately 790 holders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we will generally be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income after the utilization of any available NOLs, (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders. See also "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Common Stock Dividend," "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments—REIT Election," and notes 11 and 12 to our consolidated financial statements. During the first quarter of 2014, we commenced paying a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock. In October 2014, we increased our quarterly cash dividend, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014, from an annual amount of $1.40 to $3.28 per share. As such, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.82 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014, which represented an increase of $0.47 per share from the $0.35 per share quarterly dividend declared during each of the first three quarters of 2014. During each of the first three quarters of 2015, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.82 per share, totaling approximately $821.1 million. In October 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, from an annual amount of $3.28 per share to an annual amount of $3.54 per share. As such, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.885 per share in October 2015, which represented an increase of 8% from the quarterly dividend declared during each of the first three quarters of 2015. We currently expect such dividends to result in aggregate cash payments of approximately $1.2 billion during the next 12 months. Over time, we expect to increase our dividend per share generally commensurate with our realized growth in cash flows. The declaration amount and payment of any future dividends, however, are subject to the determination and approval of our board of directors based on then-current or anticipated future conditions, including our earnings, net cash provided by operating activities, capital requirements, financial condition, our relative market capitalization, our existing NOLs, or other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by the terms of our debt instruments under certain circumstances. 18 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table summarizes information with respect to purchase of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2015 : We paid $ 0.1 million in cash to effect these purchases. The shares purchased relate to shares withheld in connection with the payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock. Equity Compensation Plans Certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans is set forth in "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" herein. 19 Performance Graph The following performance graph is a comparison of the five year cumulative stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Market Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Equipment Index and the FTSE NAREIT All Equity REITs Index for the period commencing December 31, 2010 and ending December 31, 2015 . The performance graph assumes an initial investment of $100.0 in our common stock and in each of the indices. The performance graph and related text are based on historical data and are not necessarily indicative of future performance. The performance graph above and related text are being furnished solely to accompany this annual report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of ours, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 20 Item 6. Selected Financial Data Our selected historical consolidated financial and other data set forth below for each of the five years in the period ended December 31, 2015 , and as of December 31, 2015 , 2014 , 2013 , 2012 and 2011 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. MD&A" and our consolidated financial statements. CCAL is presented on a discontinued operations basis for all periods presented. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements regarding our sale of CCAL in 2015. 21 22 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations General Overview Overview We own, operate, and lease shared wireless infrastructure. See "Item 1. Business" for a further discussion of our business, including our long-term strategy, our REIT status, certain key terms of our lease agreements, and growth trends in the wireless industry. Site rental revenues represented 82% of our 2015 consolidated net revenues. The vast majority of our site rental revenues is of a recurring nature and has been contracted for in a prior year. Business Fundamentals and Results The following are certain highlights of our business fundamentals and results as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 : 23 of August 2015, (3) repaid all of the previously outstanding WCP securitized notes, and (4) repaid a portion of our outstanding borrowings under our previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. Common Stock Dividend During each of the first three quarters of 2015, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.82 per share, totaling approximately $821.1 million. In October 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, from an annual amount of $3.28 per share to an annual amount of $3.54 per share. As such, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.885 per share in October 2015, which represented an increase of 8% from the quarterly dividend declared during each of the first three quarters of 2015. We currently expect such dividends to result in aggregate annual cash payments of approximately $1.2 billion during the next 12 months. Over time, we expect to increase our dividend per share generally commensurate with our realized growth in cash flows. Future dividends are subject to the approval of our board of directors. See notes 12 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. Sale of CCAL In May 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our 77.6% owned Australian subsidiary, CCAL, to a consortium of investors led by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets. On May 28, 2015, we completed the sale of CCAL. At closing, we received net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion after accounting for our ownership interest, repayment of intercompany debt owed to us by CCAL and estimated transaction fees and expenses, exclusive of the impact of foreign currency swaps related to the CCAL sale. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. As part of the sale of CCAL, in January 2016, we received an installment payment of approximately $124 million from the Buyer, inclusive of the impact of the related foreign currency swap (see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements). During the second quarter 2015, we used net proceeds from the sale of CCAL, together with net proceeds from the May 2015 tower revenue notes, to (1) repay $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of August 2010 tower revenue notes with an anticipated repayment date of August 2015, (2) repay all of the previously outstanding WCP securitized notes, (3) repay portions of outstanding borrowings under our previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility, and (4) to pay related fees and expenses. See note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. We entered into foreign currency swaps to manage and reduce our foreign currency risk associated with the sale of CCAL. These swaps are not included in discontinued operations. See note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 24 Sunesys Acquisition In April 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Sunesys for approximately $1.0 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments. On August 4, 2015, we closed the Sunesys Acquisition utilizing $ 835.0 million in 2012 Revolver borrowings and cash on hand. Prior to the closing, Sunesys was a wholly owned subsidiary of Quanta Services, Inc., and a fiber services provider that owned or had rights to nearly 10,000 miles of fiber in major metropolitan markets across the U.S., including Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago, Atlanta, Silicon Valley, and northern New Jersey. Approximately 60% of Sunesys' fiber miles were located in the top 10 BTAs. See note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. Outlook Highlights The following are certain highlights of our 2016 outlook that impact our business fundamentals described above. 25 Results of Operations The following discussion of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources" and our consolidated financial statements. The following discussion of our results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP") which require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts (see "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 2 to our consolidated financial statements). Comparison of Consolidated Results The following is a comparison of our 2015 , 2014 and 2013 consolidated results of operations: 26 Results of Operations We have determined that presently, following the sale of CCAL, we have one reportable operating segment consisting of our U.S. operations, which is consistent with our current operational and financial reporting structure. Our financial results are currently reported to the chief operating decision maker and the board of directors in this manner. Prior to its sale in May 2015, CCAL, our previously 77.6% owned subsidiary that owned and operated towers in Australia, was a reportable segment. As a result of the sale of CCAL, our historical financial statements have been reclassified for all periods presented to include CCAL on a discontinued operations basis. See also "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Sale of CCAL." We will continue our evaluation of our operating segments following the disposition of CCAL, and our change in strategic focus primarily to our U.S. business. To the extent we make changes to our financial reporting or organizational structure, including the integration of the Sunesys Acquisition, we will evaluate any impact such changes may have to our segment reporting. Our measurement of profit or loss currently used to evaluate our operating performance and operating segments is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, as adjusted ("Adjusted EBITDA"). Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including companies in the tower sector or other similar providers of wireless infrastructure, and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. See "Item 2. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a discussion of our use of Adjusted EBITDA, including its definition and a reconciliation to net income (loss). 2015 and 2014 . See note 4 in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the impact of the Sunesys Acquisition. Net revenues for 2015 increased by $125.1 million , or 4% , from 2014 . This increase in net revenues resulted from (1) an increase in site rental revenues of $151.8 million , or 5% , and (2) a decrease in network services and other revenues of $26.7 million , or 4% , in each case as compared to 2014 . This increase in site rental revenues was impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, construction of new wireless infrastructure including small cells, acquisitions, including the Sunesys Acquisition, and non-renewals of tenant leases, predominately Sprint's decommissioning of its legacy Nextel iDEN network. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See also "Item 1. Business—The Company" and "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments . " Site rental gross margins for 2015 increased by $94.1 million , or 5% , from 2014 . The increase in the site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 5% increase in site rental revenues. Network services and other revenues for 2015 decreased $26.7 million , or 4% , from 2014 , and is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements and (2) the volume and mix of network services and other work. Our network services offering is of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Network services and other gross margin for 2015 increased by $16.2 million , or 6% , from 2014 , and is a reflection of changes in the volume and mix of network services and other work. General and administrative expenses for 2015 increased by $53.6 million , or 21% , from 2014 and represented 8% of net revenues in 2015 and 7% of net revenues in 2014 . General and administrative expenses are inclusive of stock-based compensation charges. See also note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. The increase in general and administrative expenses was related to the growth in our business, including the expansion in size of our wireless infrastructure portfolio primarily due to acquisitions and growth in small cells. Adjusted EBITDA for 2015 increased by $67.9 million , or 3% , from 2014 . Adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by the growth in our site rental activities, partially offset by the aforementioned increase in general and administrative expenses. Depreciation, amortization, and accretion for 2015 increased by $50.4 million , or 5% , from 2014 . This increase predominately resulted from capital expenditures and acquisitions, including the Sunesys Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs decreased by $46.2 million , or 8% , from 2014 to 2015 , primarily as a result of a $44.4 million decrease in the amortization of previously settled interest rate swaps. As a result of repaying and redeeming certain of our debt, we incurred net losses of $4.2 million and $44.6 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. For a further discussion of the debt refinancings, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements, "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 27 Our acquisition and integration expenses for 2014 were $34.1 million and were related to our 2012 and 2013 acquisitions. See notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements. Other income (expense) for 2015 was income of $57.0 million , compared to income of $12.0 million for 2014. This change was predominately a result of gains recorded during 2015 on foreign currency swaps that we entered into to manage and reduce our foreign currency risk related to our May 2015 sale of CCAL. See note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. The benefit (provision) for income taxes for 2015 was a benefit of $51.5 million compared to a benefit of $11.2 million for 2014 . For 2015, the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to (1) our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction, and (2) the de-recognition of net deferred tax liabilities related to the inclusion of small cells in the REIT in January 2016, which resulted in a non-cash income tax benefit of $33.8 million . For 2014, the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. See "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Income from discontinued operations, net of tax, decreased from 2014 to 2015 due to the sale of CCAL occurring mid-period on May 28, 2015. In addition, during 2015 , we recorded a gain on the sale of discontinued operations, net of tax, of $1.0 billion. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders for 2015 was income of $1.5 billion compared to income of $390.5 million for 2014 . The increase in net income was predominately due to a the gain recorded on the sale of CCAL. 2014 and 2013 . See note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the impact of the the AT&T Acquisition. Net revenues for 2014 increased by $673.0 million , or 23% , from 2013 . This increase in net revenues resulted from an increase in (1) site rental revenues of $495.2 million , or 21% , and (2) network services and other revenues of $177.8 million , or 36% , in each case as compared to 2013 . The AT&T Acquisition increased our site rental revenues for 2014 compared to 2013. See note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. This increase in site rental revenues was also impacted by the following items, inclusive of straight-line accounting, in no particular order: tenant additions across our entire portfolio, renewals or extensions of tenant leases, escalations, construction of new wireless infrastructure, other acquisitions, and non-renewals of tenant leases. Tenant additions were influenced by our customers' upgrading to long-term evolution ("LTE") networks and their ongoing efforts to improve network quality and capacity. See also "Item 1. Business—The Company." Site rental gross margins for 2014 increased by $276.0 million , or 16% , from 2013 . The increase in site rental gross margins was related to the previously mentioned 21% , increase in site rental revenues, primarily as a result of the AT&T Acquisition (which had lower initial margins due to lower average tenancy that the average tenancy for our other wireless infrastructure) and the growth in our site rental activities. Network services and other revenues for 2014 increased $177.8 million , or 36% , from 2013 , and is a reflection of (1) the volume of activity from carrier network enhancements such as LTE upgrades, (2) changes in volume and mix, and (3) the expansion in size of our wireless infrastructure portfolio due to the T-Mobile Acquisition and AT&T Acquisition. Our network services offering is of a variable nature as these revenues are not under long-term contracts. Network services and other gross margin for 2014 increased by $81.5 million , or 43% , from 2013 , primarily as a result of the previously mentioned factors that increased network services and other revenues. General and administrative expenses for 2014 increased by $43.8 million , or 21% , from 2013 and represented 7% of net revenues in both 2014 and 2013 . General and administrative expenses are inclusive of stock-based compensation charges. See also note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. The increase in general and administrative expenses in nominal dollars was commensurate with the growth in our business, including (1) the expansion in size of our wireless infrastructure portfolio primarily due to acquisitions and (2) the growth in network services. Typically, our general and administrative expenses do not significantly increase as a result of tenant additions on our existing wireless infrastructure. Adjusted EBITDA for 2014 increased by $335.5 million , or 20% , from 2013 . Adjusted EBITDA was positively impacted by the AT&T Acquisition and the growth in our site rental and network services activities. Depreciation, amortization, and accretion for 2014 increased by $244.4 million , or 33% , from 2013 . The increase predominately resulted from the fixed asset and intangible asset additions recorded related to the AT&T Acquisition. Interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs decreased $ 16.3 million , or 3% , from 2013 to 2014 , as a result of our refinancing activities, partially offset by additional borrowings under the 2012 Credit Facility to partially fund the AT&T Acquisition. During 2014, we issued $850.0 million of 4.875% senior notes, which provided us with funding to (1) repay $300.0 28 million of the January 2010 tower revenue notes and (2) redeem all of the previously outstanding 7.125% senior notes. In 2013 and 2014, we completed several debt transactions, resulting in (1) lowering our average cost of debt, (2) funding for our acquisitions, (3) the refinancing of certain of our debt, and (4) the extension of certain of our debt maturities. As a result of repaying and redeeming certain of our debt, we incurred net losses of $44.6 million and $37.1 million for 2014 and 2013 , respectively. For a further discussion of the debt refinancings, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements, "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." Our acquisition and integration expenses for 2014 and 2013 were $34.1 million and $25.6 million , respectively, and related to our 2012 and 2013 acquisitions. See note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. The benefit (provision) for income taxes for 2014 was a benefit of $11.2 million compared to a provision of $191.0 million for 2013 . For 2014 , the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to our REIT status, including the dividends paid deduction. For 2013 , the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate predominately due to the de-recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to our REIT election resulting in a non-cash income tax charge of $67.4 million . See "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Net income (loss) attributable to CCIC stockholders for 2014 was income of $390.5 million compared to income of $90.1 million for 2013 . The increase in net income was predominately due to a change in our benefit (provision) for income taxes due to our REIT status as further discussed herein. Dividends on preferred stock for 2014 and 2013 represented the dividends related to our Convertible Preferred Stock. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview General. Our core business generates revenues under long-term leases (see "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Overview" ) predominately from the largest U.S. wireless carriers. Our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our portfolio of wireless infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per share results. See "Item 1. Business—Strategy" for a further discussion of our strategy. We have and expect to continue to engage in discretionary investments that we believe will maximize long-term stockholder value. Our historical discretionary investments include (in no particular order): purchasing our common stock, acquiring or constructing wireless infrastructure, acquiring land interests under towers, improving and structurally enhancing our existing wireless infrastructure, and purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. Based on recent small cell activity, we expect to spend an increased percentage of our discretionary investments on the construction of new small cell networks. We seek to fund our discretionary investments with both net cash provided by operating activities and cash available from financing capacity, such as the use of our undrawn availability from the 2016 Revolver, debt financings and issuances of equity or equity related securities. We seek to maintain a capital structure that we believe drives long-term stockholder value and optimizes our weighted-average cost of capital. We target a leverage ratio of approximately four to five times Adjusted EBITDA and interest coverage of approximately three times Adjusted EBITDA, subject to various factors such as the availability and cost of capital and the potential long-term return on our discretionary investments. We may choose to increase or decrease our leverage or coverage from these targets for various periods of time. Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to continue to pay minimal cash income taxes as a result of our REIT status and our NOLs. See "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments—REIT Election," "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview" and note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. 29 Liquidity Position. The following is a summary of our capitalization and liquidity position. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt. Over the next 12 months: Summary Cash Flows Information Operating Activities The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2015 from 2014 was due primarily to growth in our core business, including a net benefit from changes in working capital. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2014 from 2013 was due primarily to (1) the AT&T Acquisition, (2) growth in our core business and net benefit from changes in working capital, and (3) growth in our network services. Changes in working capital (including changes in accounts receivable, deferred site rental receivables, deferred rental revenues, prepaid ground leases, restricted cash, and accrued interest) can have a significant impact on net cash provided by operating activities, largely due to the timing of prepayments and receipts. We expect to grow our net cash provided by operating activities in the future (exclusive of movements in working capital) if we realize expected growth in our core business. 30 Investing Activities Capital Expenditures Our capital expenditures are categorized as discretionary or sustaining, as described below. A summary of our capital expenditures for the last three years is as follows (in thousands of dollars): Discretionary capital expenditures increased from 2014 to 2015 primarily as a result of (1) improvements to existing wireless infrastructure to accommodate new leasing and (2) the construction of new small cells. Our sustaining capital expenditures have historically been less than 2% of net revenues annually and were approximately 3% of net revenues in 2015 due to expansion of our office facilities. See "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Outlook Highlights" for a discussion of our expectations surrounding 2016 capital expenditures. Sale of CCAL. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our May 2015 sale of CCAL, our previously 77.6% owned Australian subsidiary. 31 Foreign Currency Swaps. During May 2015, in conjunction with our sale of CCAL, we entered into foreign currency swaps to manage and reduce our foreign currency risk associated with the sale of CCAL. See note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. Acquisitions. Acquisitions consist of the acquisition of businesses such as towers and small cells, including fiber portfolios. See notes 4 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the 2015 Sunesys Acquisition, 2014 Land Acquisitions, and 2013 AT&T Acquisition. Financing Activities We seek to allocate cash generated by our operations in a manner that will enhance long-term stockholder value, which may include various financing activities, such as (in no particular order) paying dividends on our common stock (currently expected to total an aggregate of approximately $ 1.2 billion during the next 12 months, subject to future approval by our board of directors), paying dividends on our Convertible Preferred Stock (expected to be approximately $45 million in 2016 ), purchasing our common stock, or purchasing, repaying, or redeeming our debt. See note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. In 2014 , our financing activities predominately related to (1) paying an aggregate of $624.3 million in dividends on our common stock, (2) amending our previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility and (3) issuing $ 850.0 million of 4.875% senior notes, due in April 2022, which provided us with funding to repay $ 300.0 million of January 2010 tower revenue notes and redeem all of the previously outstanding 7.125% senior notes. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Overview" and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. In 2015 , our financing activities predominately related to (1) paying an aggregate of $1.1 billion in dividends on our common stock, (2) amending our previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility and (3) issuing $ 1.0 billion in May 2015 tower revenue notes which provided us with funding to repay $ 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of August 2010 tower revenue notes, redeem all of the previously outstanding WCP securitized notes, and repay portions of outstanding borrowings under our previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. See also "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Common Stock Dividend" for a discussion of the increase to our common stock dividend during the fourth quarter of 2015. In January 2016, we completed a new senior unsecured $5.5 billion 2016 Credit Facility and utilized the proceeds, together with cash on hand, to repay all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Facility." In February 2016, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of investment grade senior unsecured notes ("2016 Senior Unsecured Notes"), which consist of (1) $600.0 million aggregated principal amount of 3.4% senior notes with a final maturity date of February 2021, and (2) $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.45% senior notes with a final maturity date of February 2026. We used the net proceeds from the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes offering, together with cash on hand, to (1) repay in full all outstanding borrowings under the 364-Day Facility (and, in connection therewith, terminate all commitments thereunder), and (2) to repay $500.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. Incurrences, Purchases and Repayments of Debt. See notes 8 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our recent issuances, purchases, and repayments of debt. Our debt issuances extended the maturities of our debt portfolio, provided funding for our acquisitions and our repayment of previously existing debt, and lowered our cost of debt. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Overview—Liquidity Position." After giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings, approximately 48% of our debt is secured. Certain of our wireless infrastructure is held in subsidiaries whose equity interests have been pledged, directly or indirectly, along with other collateral to secure such indebtedness. See notes 8 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. Common Stock. As of December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , we had 333.8 million , 333.9 million , and 334.1 million common shares outstanding, respectively. In October 2013, we issued 41.4 million shares of common stock, the net proceeds of which were used to partially fund the AT&T Acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2015 , we paid an aggregate of $1.1 billion in dividends on our common stock. See "Item 1. Business—Strategy" and note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. ATM Program. In August 2015, we established an ATM Program through which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. We intend to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding 32 indebtedness. As of February 15, 2016 , no shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program. See note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. Convertible Preferred Stock. In October 2013, we issued 9.8 million shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, the net proceeds of which were used to partially fund the AT&T Acquisition. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on November 1, 2016. Currently, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into shares of common stock at a conversion rate between 1.1538 shares (based on the current maximum conversion price of $86.67) and 1.4421 shares (based on the current minimum conversion price of $69.34), depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to November 1, 2016, holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 1.1538 , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. Credit Facility. During 2015, we repaid a total of $1.4 billion and borrowed $1.8 billion under the previously outstanding 2012 Revolver. In January 2016, we completed a new unsecured $5.5 billion 2016 Credit Facility, consisting of (1) a $2.5 billion unsecured 2016 Revolver maturing on January 21, 2021, (2) a $1.0 billion Senior Unsecured 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility ("364-Day Facility") maturing on January 19, 2017, and (3) a $2.0 billion Senior Unsecured Term Loan A Facility ("2016 Term Loan A") maturing on January 21, 2021. As of February 15, 2016 , the 364-Day Facility was terminated. See note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. The 2016 Credit Facility bears interest at a per annum rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.125% to 2.000%, based on our senior unsecured debt rating. The proceeds of the loans under the 2016 Credit Facility, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. The 2016 Revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of capital expenditures, acquisitions, and purchases of our common stock. See notes 4 , 8 , and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. As of February 15, 2016 , there was approximately $2.1 billion in availability under the 2016 Revolver. Restricted Cash . Pursuant to the indentures governing certain of our operating companies' debt securities, all rental cash receipts of the issuers of these debt instruments and their subsidiaries are restricted and held by an indenture trustee. The restricted cash in excess of required reserve balances is subsequently released to us in accordance with the terms of the indentures. During 2012, $316.6 million of restricted cash was held by the trustee in connection with the redemption of the 7.75% secured notes. That amount was subsequently released in January 2013 when the 7.75% secured notes were redeemed in their entirety. See also notes 2 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Contractual Cash Obligations The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations as of December 31, 2015 , after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings. These contractual cash obligations relate primarily to our outstanding borrowings or lease obligations for land interests under our towers. The debt maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the impact of the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates on the tower revenue notes (see footnote (b)). ____________________ 33 The following chart summarizes our rights to the land interests under our towers, including renewal terms at our option, as of December 31, 2015 . As of December 31, 2015 , the leases for land interests under our towers had an average remaining life in excess of 30 years, weighted based on site rental gross margin. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors." 34 Debt Covenants The credit agreement governing the 2016 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants. We are currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants and, based upon our current expectations, we believe we will continue to comply with these financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of our debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on us and may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase our securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. See note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt covenants. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors." The following are ratios applicable to the financial maintenance covenants under the credit agreement governing our 2016 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015 after giving effect to the receipt of the installment payment from the sale of CCAL in January 2016 and our 2016 Refinancings. Off-balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Accounting and Reporting Matters Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The following is a discussion of the accounting policies and estimates that we believe (1) are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations or (2) require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies and estimates for 2015 are not intended to be a comprehensive list of our accounting policies and estimates. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP. In other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. Revenue Recognition. 82% of our total revenue for 2015 consists of site rental revenues, which are recognized on a monthly basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the relevant lease (generally ranging from five to 15 years), regardless of whether the payments from the tenant are received in equal monthly amounts. If the payment terms call for fixed escalations (as in fixed dollar or fixed percentage increases), upfront payments or rent free periods, the revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the lease. When calculating our straight-line rental revenues, we consider all fixed elements of tenant contractual escalation provisions, even if such escalation provisions contain a variable element (such as an escalator tied to an inflation-based index) in addition to a minimum. To the extent we acquire below-market tenant leases for contractual interests with tenants on the acquired wireless infrastructure (for example with respect to small cells) we record deferred credits and amortize such deferred credits to site rental revenues over their estimated lease term. Since we recognize revenue on a straight-line basis, a portion of the site rental revenue in a given period represents cash collected or contractually collectible in other periods. Our assets related to straight-line site rental revenues are included in "other current assets" and "deferred site rental receivables, net." Amounts billed or received prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in "deferred revenues" and "other long-term liabilities." See notes 2 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive wireless infrastructure solutions, we offer certain network services relating to our wireless infrastructure, which represent approximately 18% of our total revenues for 2015 . Network services and other revenue consists of (1) site development services and (2) installation services. Network services revenues are recognized after completion of the applicable service. We account for network services separately from the customer's site rental. See "Item 1. Business—The Company" for a further discussion of our business. 35 Accounting for Acquisitions — General. As described in " Item 1. Business, " much of our wireless infrastructure has been acquired in various transactions from the four largest wireless carriers (or their predecessors) through transactions consummated since 1999. We evaluate each of our acquisitions to determine if it should be accounted for as a business combination or as an acquisition of assets. For our business combinations, we allocate the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. Any purchase price in excess of the net fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill. See "Item 7. MD&A—Accounting and Reporting Matters—Accounting for Acquisitions—Valuation" below. The determination of the final purchase price allocation could extend over several quarters resulting in the use of preliminary estimates that are subject to adjustment until finalized. Such changes could have a significant impact on our financial statements. Accounting for Acquisitions — Leases. With respect to business combinations that include towers that we lease and operate, such as the AT&T, T-Mobile, and Sprint leased and subleased towers, we evaluate such agreements to determine treatment as capital or operating leases. The evaluation of such agreements for capital or operating lease treatment includes consideration of each of the lease classification criteria under ASC 840-10-25, namely (1) the transfer of ownership provisions, (2) the existence of bargain purchase options, (3) the length of the remaining lease term, and (4) the present value of the minimum lease payments. With respect to the AT&T Acquisition, T-Mobile Acquisition, and the Sprint towers acquired in the Global Signal Acquisition, we determined that the tower leases were capital leases and the underlying land leases were operating leases based upon the lease term criterion, after considering the fragmentation criteria applicable under ASC 840-10-25 to leases involving both land and buildings (i.e., towers). We determined that the fragmentation criteria was met, and the tower leases could be accounted for as capital leases apart from the land leases, which are accounted for as operating leases, since (1) the fair value of the land in the aforementioned business combinations was greater than 25% of the total fair value of the leased property at inception and (2) the tower lease expirations occur beyond 75% of the estimated economic life of the tower assets. Accounting for Acquisitions — Valuation. As of December 31, 2015 , our largest asset was property and equipment, which primarily consists of wireless infrastructure, followed by goodwill and intangible assets. Our identifiable intangible assets predominately relate to the site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the nature and composition of the site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets. The fair value of the vast majority of our assets and liabilities is determined by using either: The purchase price allocation requires subjective estimates that, if incorrectly estimated, could be material to our consolidated financial statements, including the amount of depreciation, amortization, and accretion expense. The most important estimates for measurement of tangible fixed assets are (1) the cost to replace the asset with a new asset and (2) the economic useful life after giving effect to age, quality, and condition. The most important estimates for measurement of intangible assets are (1) discount rates and (2) timing and amount of cash flows including estimates regarding customer renewals and cancellations. The most important estimates for measurement of above and below-market leases is the determination of (1) favorability or unfavorability to the current market terms and (2) applicable lease term, including whether renewals or extensions should be measured. With respect to business combinations that include towers that we lease and operate, such as the T-Mobile, Sprint, and AT&T leased and subleased towers, we evaluate such agreements to determine treatment as capital or operating leases and identification of any bargain purchase options. We record the fair value of obligations to perform certain asset retirement activities, including requirements, pursuant to our ground leases or easements, to remove wireless infrastructure or remediate the land upon which our wireless infrastructure resides. In determining the fair value of these asset retirement obligations we must make several subjective and highly judgmental estimates such as those related to: (1) timing of cash flows, (2) future costs, (3) discount rates, and (4) the probability of enforcement to remove the towers or small cells or remediate the land. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Accounting for Long-Lived Assets — Useful Lives. We are required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our tangible and intangible assets for purposes of determining depreciation, amortization, and accretion expense that, if incorrectly estimated, could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Depreciation expense for our property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of our various classes of tangible assets. The substantial portion of our property and equipment represents the cost of our wireless infrastructure which is depreciated with an estimated useful life equal to the shorter of (1) 20 years or (2) the term of the lease (including optional renewals) for the land interests under the wireless infrastructure. 36 The useful life of our intangible assets is estimated based on the period over which the intangible asset is expected to benefit us and gives consideration to the expected useful life of other assets to which the useful life may relate. We review the expected useful lives of our intangible assets on an ongoing basis and adjust if necessary. Amortization expense for intangible assets is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each of the intangible assets. The useful life of the site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets is limited by the maximum depreciable life of the wireless infrastructure (20 years), as a result of the interdependency of the wireless infrastructure and site rental contracts and customer relationships. In contrast, the site rental contracts and customer relationships are estimated to provide economic benefits for several decades because of the low rate of tenant cancellations and high rate of renewals experienced to date. Thus, while site rental contracts and customer relationships are valued based upon the fair value of the site rental contracts and customer relationships which includes assumptions regarding both (1) tenants' exercise of optional renewals contained in the acquired leases and (2) renewals of the acquired leases past the contractual term including exercisable options, the site rental contracts are amortized over a period not to exceed 20 years as a result of the useful life being limited by the depreciable life of the wireless infrastructure. Accounting for Long-Lived Assets — Impairment Evaluation — Intangibles. We review the carrying values of property and equipment, intangible assets, or other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We utilize the following dual grouping policy for purposes of determining the unit of account for testing impairment of the site rental contracts and customer relationships: We first pool site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets and property and equipment into portfolio groups for purposes of determining the unit of account for impairment testing, because we view wireless infrastructure as portfolios and wireless infrastructure in a given portfolio and its related tenant leases are not largely independent of the other wireless infrastructure in the portfolio. We re-evaluate the appropriateness of the pooled groups at least annually. This use of grouping is based in part on (1) our limitations regarding disposal of wireless infrastructure, (2) the interdependencies of wireless infrastructure portfolios, and (3) the manner in which wireless infrastructure is traded in the marketplace. The vast majority of our site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets and property and equipment are pooled into the U.S. owned wireless infrastructure group. Secondly, and separately, we pool site rental contracts and customer relationships by significant tenant or by tenant grouping for individually insignificant tenants, as appropriate, for purposes of determining the unit of account for impairment testing because we associate the value ascribed to site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets to the underlying contracts and related customer relationships acquired. Our determination that an adverse event or change in circumstance has occurred that indicates that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable will generally involve (1) a deterioration in an asset's financial performance compared to historical results, (2) a shortfall in an asset's financial performance compared to forecasted results, or (3) changes affecting the utility and estimated future demands for the asset. When considering the utility of our assets, we consider events that would meaningfully impact (1) our wireless infrastructure or (2) our customer relationships. For example, consideration would be given to events that impact (1) the structural integrity and longevity of our wireless infrastructure or (2) our ability to derive benefit from our existing customer relationships, including events such as bankruptcy or insolvency or loss of a significant customer. During 2015 , there were no events or circumstances that caused us to review the carrying value of our intangible assets or property and equipment due in part to our assets performing consistently with or better than our expectations. If the sum of the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted) from an asset, or portfolio group, significant tenant or tenant group (for individually insignificant tenants), as applicable, is less than its carrying amount, an impairment loss may be recognized. If the carrying value were to exceed the undiscounted cash flows, measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the fair value of the asset, which is based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows. The most important estimates for such calculations of undiscounted cash flows are (1) the expected additions of new tenants and equipment on our wireless infrastructure and (2) estimates regarding tenant cancellations and renewals of leases. We could record impairments in the future if changes in long-term market conditions, expected future operating results or the utility of the assets results in changes for our impairment test calculations which negatively impact the fair value of our property and equipment and intangible assets, or if we changed our unit of account in the future. 37 When grouping assets into pools for purposes of impairment evaluation, we also consider individual towers, nodes, and third party land interests within a grouping for which we currently have no tenants. Approximately 2% of our total towers currently have no tenants. We continue to pay operating expenses on these towers in anticipation of obtaining tenants on these towers in the future, primarily because of the individual tower site demographics. We estimate, based on current visibility, potential tenants on approximately half of these towers. To the extent we do not believe there are long-term prospects of obtaining tenants on an individual tower, node, or third party land interest and all other possible avenues for recovering the carrying value has been exhausted, including sale of the asset, we appropriately reduce the carrying value of such assets to fair value. Accounting for Long-Lived Assets — Impairment Evaluation — Goodwill. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, regardless of whether adverse events or changes in circumstances have occurred. The annual test begins with goodwill and all intangible assets being allocated to applicable reporting units. We then perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is concluded that it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. Otherwise the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required. During 2015, we sold our Australian operations and our reporting units changed from U.S. operations and Australian operations to towers and small cells. We performed a relative fair value allocation of goodwill when the change in reporting units occurred. See notes 3 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements regarding the sale of CCAL and change in reportable segments.We performed our most recent annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2015 , which resulted in no impairments. This assessment included consideration of our market capitalization which exceeded over three times the aggregate carrying amount of the reporting units as of December 31, 2015 . Deferred Income Taxes. Effective January 1, 2014, we commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our REIT taxable income is generally not subject to federal and state income taxes as a result of the deduction for dividends paid and any usage of our remaining NOLs. Accordingly, the only provision or benefit for federal income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2015 relates to TRSs. Furthermore, as a result of the deduction for dividends paid, some or all of our NOLs related to our REIT may expire without utilization. See "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments—REIT Election" for a discussion of the impact of our REIT election. Our TRSs will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state income taxes and foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. See "Item 1. Business—2015 Industry Highlights and Company Developments—REIT Election" for a discussion of our inclusion of small cells in the REIT effective January 1, 2016. Our ability to utilize our NOLs is dependent, in part, upon our having sufficient future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we would be required to record an additional valuation allowance, which would reduce our earnings. Such adjustments could cause a material effect on our results of operations for the period of the adjustment. The change in our valuation allowance has no effect on our cash flows. For a further discussion of our benefit (provision) for income taxes and our REIT conversion, see "Item 7. MD&A—Results of Operations" and note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Our measurement of profit or loss currently used to evaluate the operating performance of our operating segments is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and accretion, as adjusted, or Adjusted EBITDA. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA is set forth in "Item 7. MD&A—Results of Operations . " Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including companies in the tower sector and other similar providers of wireless infrastructure, and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities, or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus restructuring charges (credits), asset write-down charges, acquisition and integration costs, depreciation, amortization and accretion, amortization of prepaid lease purchase price adjustments, interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs, gains (losses) on retirement of long-term obligations, net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, gains (losses) on foreign currency swaps, impairment of available-for-sale securities, interest income, other income (expense), benefit (provision) for income taxes, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income (loss) from discontinued operations and stock-based compensation expense. The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss) is set forth below. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended as an alternative measure of operating results or cash flows from operations 38 as determined in accordance with GAAP, and our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because: Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA: 39 There are material limitations to using a measure such as Adjusted EBITDA, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company, including our competitors, and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income or loss. Management compensates for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with their analysis of net income (loss). Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Our primary exposures to market risks are related to changes in interest rates which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We seek to manage exposure to changes in interest rates where economically prudent to do so by utilizing fixed rate debt. Our interest rate risk relates primarily to the impact of interest rate movements on the following, after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings: Potential Refinancing of Existing Debt Over the next 12 months we have no debt maturities other than principal payments on amortizing debt. We have no debt maturities that have anticipated repayment dates during 2016 . As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we had no interest rate swaps hedging any refinancings. See below for a tabular presentation of our scheduled contractual debt maturities as of December 31, 2015 , after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings, and a discussion of anticipated repayment dates. Floating Rate Debt We manage our exposure to market interest rates on our existing debt by controlling the mix of fixed and floating rate debt. As of December 31, 2015 , after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings, we had $2.4 billion of floating rate debt, none of which had LIBOR floors. As a result, a hypothetical unfavorable fluctuation in market interest rates on our existing debt of 1/8 of a percent point over a 12-month period would increase our interest expense by approximately $2.9 million after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings. As of December 31, 2014, we had $4.2 billion of floating rate debt, which included $2.8 billion of debt with a LIBOR floor of 0.75% per annum. Potential Future Borrowings of Incremental Debt We typically do not hedge our exposure to interest rates on potential future borrowings of incremental debt for a substantial period prior to issuance. See "Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources" regarding our liquidity strategy. 40 The following table provides information about our market risk related to changes in interest rates. The future principal payments and weighted-average interest rates are presented as of December 31, 2015 after giving effect to our 2016 Refinancings. These debt maturities reflect contractual maturity dates, and do not consider the impact of the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates of certain notes (see footnotes (c) and (d)). See note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt. 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Crown Castle International Corp. and Subsidiaries Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 42 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Crown Castle International Corp.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Crown Castle International Corp. and its subsidiaries ("the Company") at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9B. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedules, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania February 22, 2016 43 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 44 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 45 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands of dollars) ________________ See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 46 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) 47 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 48 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 49 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Crown Castle International Corp. and its predecessor, as applicable (together, "CCIC"), and their subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as the "Company." All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. The Company owns, operates, and leases shared wireless infrastructure, including: (1) towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), and (2) small cell networks supported by fiber (collectively, "small cells" and, together with towers, "wireless infrastructure"). The Company conducts operations through subsidiaries of Crown Castle Operating Company ("CCOC"), including certain subsidiaries which operate wireless infrastructure portfolios in the United States, including Puerto Rico ("U.S."). See note 3 for a discussion of the May 2015 sale of the Company's formerly 77.6% owned subsidiary that operated towers in Australia (referred to as "CCAL"). The Company's core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to its shared wireless infrastructure via long-term contracts in various forms, including licenses, subleases and lease agreements (collectively, "leases"). The Company's wireless infrastructure is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S. Approximately 54% of the Company's towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile. The Company has the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Additional information concerning these towers is as follows: As part of the Company's effort to provide comprehensive wireless infrastructure solutions, it offers certain network services relating to its wireless infrastructure, consisting of (1) the following site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations on its wireless infrastructure: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting (collectively, "site development services") and (2) tenant equipment installation or subsequent augmentations (collectively, "installation services"). Effective January 1, 2014, the Company commenced operating as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Company has certain taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"). See note 11 . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 50 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Restricted Cash Restricted cash represents (1) the cash held in reserve by the indenture trustees pursuant to the indenture governing certain of the Company's debt instruments, (2) cash securing performance obligations such as letters of credit, as well as (3) any other cash whose use is limited by contractual provisions. The restriction of rental cash receipts is a critical feature of certain of the Company's debt instruments, due to the applicable indenture trustee's ability to utilize the restricted cash for the payment of (1) debt service costs, (2) ground rents, (3) real estate or personal property taxes, (4) insurance premiums related to towers, (5) other assessments by governmental authorities and potential environmental remediation costs, or (6) a portion of advance rents from tenants. The restricted cash in excess of required reserve balances is subsequently released to the Company in accordance with the terms of the indentures. The Company has classified the increases and decreases in restricted cash as (1) cash provided by financing activities for cash held by indenture trustees based on consideration of the terms of the related indebtedness, although the cash flows have aspects of both financing activities and operating activities, (2) cash provided by investing activities for cash securing performance obligations and restricted cash that is acquired in acquisitions, or (3) cash provided by operating activities for the other remaining restricted cash. The following table is a summary of the impact of restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. Receivables Allowance An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded as an offset to accounts receivable. The Company uses judgment in estimating this allowance and considers historical collections, current credit status, or contractual provisions. Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged either to "site rental costs of operations" or to "network services and other costs of operations," as appropriate; and deductions from the allowance are recorded when specific accounts receivable are written off as uncollectible. Lease Accounting General. The Company classifies its leases at inception as either operating leases or capital leases. A lease is classified as a capital lease if at least one of the following criteria are met, subject to certain exceptions noted below: (1) the lease transfers ownership of the leased assets to the lessee, (2) there is a bargain purchase option, (3) the lease term is equal to 75% or more of the economic life of the leased assets, or (4) the present value of the minimum lease payments equals or exceeds 90% of the fair value of the leased assets. Lessee. Leases for land are evaluated for capital lease treatment if at least one of the first two criteria mentioned in the immediately preceding paragraph is present relating to the leased assets. When the Company, as lessee, classifies a lease as a capital lease, it records an asset in an amount equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments under the lease at the beginning of the lease term. Applicable operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis as discussed under "costs of operations" below. Lessor. If the Company is the lessor of leased property that is part of a larger whole (including a portion of space on a tower) and for which fair value is not objectively determinable, then such a lease is accounted for as an operating lease. As applicable, operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis as discussed under "Revenue Recognition." Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Property and equipment includes land owned in fee and perpetual easements for land which have no definite life. When the Company purchases fee ownership or perpetual easements for the land previously subject to ground lease, the Company reduces the value recorded as land by the amount of any 51 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) associated deferred ground lease payable or unamortized above-market leases. Depreciation is computed utilizing the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets. Depreciation of wireless infrastructure is computed with a useful life equal to the shorter of 20 years or the term of the underlying ground lease (including optional renewal periods). Additions, renewals, and improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed. Labor and interest costs incurred directly related to the construction of certain property and equipment are capitalized during the construction phase of projects. For the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , the Company had $36.7 million , $24.2 million and $17.6 million in capitalized labor costs, respectively. The carrying value of property and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Abandonments and write-offs of property and equipment are recorded to "asset write-downs charges" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and were $27.0 million , $9.3 million , and $8.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively. Asset Retirement Obligations Pursuant to its ground lease and easement agreements, the Company records obligations to perform asset retirement activities, including requirements to remove wireless infrastructure or remediate the land upon which the Company's wireless infrastructure resides. Asset retirement obligations are included in "other long-term liabilities" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The liability accretes as a result of the passage of time and the related accretion expense is included in "depreciation, amortization, and accretion" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as an additional carrying amount of the related long-lived asset and depreciated over the useful life of such asset. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price for an acquired business over the allocated value of the related net assets. The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, regardless of whether adverse events or changes in circumstances have occurred. The annual test begins with goodwill and all intangible assets being allocated to applicable reporting units. The Company then performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of the reporting units is less than its carrying amount. If it is concluded that it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. The two-step goodwill impairment test begins with a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit and the carrying value of the reporting unit. The first step, commonly referred to as a "step-one impairment test," is a screen for potential impairment while the second step measures the amount of impairment if there is an indication from the first step that one exists. The Company's measurement of the fair value for goodwill is based on an estimate of discounted expected future cash flows of the reporting unit. The Company performed its most recent annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2015 , which resulted in no impairments. Intangible Assets Intangible assets are included in "site rental contracts and customer relationships, net" and "other intangible assets, net" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet and predominately consist of the estimated fair value of the following items recorded in conjunction with acquisitions: (1) site rental contracts and customer relationships, (2) below-market leases for land interest under the acquired wireless infrastructure, or (3) other contractual rights such as trademarks. The site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets are comprised of (1) the current term of the existing leases, (2) the expected exercise of the renewal provisions contained within the existing leases, which automatically occur under contractual provisions, or (3) any associated relationships that are expected to generate value following the expiration of all renewal periods under existing leases. The useful lives of intangible assets are estimated based on the period over which the intangible asset is expected to benefit the Company and gives consideration to the expected useful life of other assets to which the useful life may relate. Amortization expense for intangible assets is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each of the intangible assets. The useful life of the site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible asset is limited by the maximum depreciable life of the wireless infrastructure ( 20 years), as a result of the interdependency of the wireless infrastructure and site rental leases. In contrast, the site rental contracts and customer relationships are estimated to provide economic benefits for several decades because of the low rate of tenant cancellations and high rate of renewals experienced to date. Thus, while site rental contracts and customer relationships are valued based upon the fair value, which includes assumptions regarding both (1) tenants' exercise of optional renewals contained in the acquired leases and (2) renewals of the acquired leases past the contractual term including exercisable options, the site rental contracts and customer relationships are amortized over a period not to exceed 20 years as a result of the useful life being limited by the depreciable life of the wireless infrastructure. 52 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The carrying value of other intangible assets with finite useful lives will be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company has a dual grouping policy for purposes of determining the unit of account for testing impairment of the site rental contracts and customer relationships intangible assets. First, the Company pools the site rental contracts and customer relationships with the related wireless infrastructure assets into portfolio groups for purposes of determining the unit of account for impairment testing. Second and separately, the Company evaluates the site rental contracts and customer relationships by significant tenant or by tenant grouping for individually insignificant tenants, as appropriate. If the sum of the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted) expected to result from the use or eventual disposition of an asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized. Measurement of an impairment loss is based on the fair value of the asset. Deferred Credits Deferred credits are included in “deferred revenues” and “other long-term liabilities” on the Company's consolidated balance sheet and consist of the estimated fair value of the following items recorded in conjunction with acquisitions: (1) below-market tenant leases for contractual interests with tenants on acquired wireless infrastructure, which are amortized to site rental revenues and (2) above-market leases for land interests under the Company's wireless infrastructure, which are amortized to site rental cost of operations. Fair value for these deferred credits represents the difference between (1) the stated contractual payments to be made pursuant to the in-place lease and (2) management's estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding lease. Deferred credits are measured over a period equal to the estimated remaining economic lease term considering renewal provisions or economics associated with those renewal provisions, to the extent applicable. Deferred credits are amortized over their respected estimated lease terms at the time of acquisition. Deferred Financing Costs Third-party costs incurred to obtain financing are deferred and are included in "long-term prepaid rent, deferred financing costs, and other assets, net" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Revenue Recognition Site rental revenues are recognized on a monthly basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the relevant lease (generally ranging from five to 15 years), regardless of whether the payments from the tenant are received in equal monthly amounts. The Company's leases contain fixed escalation clauses (such as fixed dollar or fixed percentage increases) or inflation-based escalation clauses (such as those tied to the consumer price index ("CPI")). If the payment terms call for fixed escalations, upfront payments, or rent free periods, the revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the agreement. When calculating straight-line rental revenues, the Company considers all fixed elements of tenant contractual escalation provisions, even if such escalation provisions contain a variable element in addition to a minimum. The Company's assets related to straight-line site rental revenues are included in "other current assets" and "deferred site rental receivables." Amounts billed or received prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in "deferred revenues" and "other long-term liabilities." Network services revenues are recognized after completion of the applicable service. Nearly all of the installation services are billed on a cost-plus profit basis and site development services are billed on a fixed fee basis. Sales taxes or value-added taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis. Costs of Operations In excess of two-thirds of the Company's site rental costs of operations expenses consist of ground lease expenses, and the remainder includes property taxes, repairs and maintenance expenses, employee compensation or related benefit costs, or utilities. Generally, the ground leases for land are specific to each site and are for an initial term of five years and are renewable for pre-determined periods. The Company also enters into term easements and ground leases in which it prepays the entire term in advance. Ground lease expense is recognized on a monthly basis, regardless of whether the lease agreement payment terms require the Company to make payments annually, quarterly, monthly, or for the entire term in advance. The Company's ground leases contain fixed escalation clauses (such as fixed dollar or fixed percentage increases) or inflation-based escalation clauses (such as those tied to the CPI). If the payment terms include fixed escalation provisions, the effect of such increases is recognized on a straight-line basis. The Company calculates the straight-line ground lease expense using a time period that equals or exceeds the remaining depreciable life of the wireless infrastructure asset. Further, when a tenant has exercisable renewal options that would compel the Company to exercise existing ground lease renewal options, the Company has straight-lined the ground lease expense over a 53 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) sufficient portion of such ground lease renewals to coincide with the final termination of the tenant's renewal options. The Company's non-current liability related to straight-line ground lease expense is included in "other long-term liabilities" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The Company's assets related to prepaid ground leases is included in "prepaid expenses" and "long-term prepaid rent, deferred financing costs and other assets, net" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Network services and other costs of operations predominately consist of third party service providers such as contractors and professional service firms and, to a lesser extent, internal labor costs. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014 , the Company had $55.3 million and $60.7 million , respectively, of work in process. Acquisition and Integration Costs All direct or incremental costs related to a business combination are expensed as incurred. Costs include severance, retention bonuses payable to employees of an acquired enterprise, temporary employees to assist with the integration of the acquired operations, or fees paid for services such as consulting, accounting, legal, or engineering reviews. These business combination costs are included in "acquisition and integration costs" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). See note 4 for a discussion of our acquisitions during 2013, 2014, and 2015. In addition, during 2012, the Company acquired (1) rights to approximately 7,100 towers through the T-Mobile Acquisition and (2) NextG Networks, Inc., the then largest U.S operator of outdoor distributed antenna systems ("DAS"), a type of small cells. Stock-Based Compensation Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units. The Company records stock-based compensation expense only for those unvested restricted stock awards ("RSAs") and unvested restricted stock units ("RSUs") for which the requisite service is expected to be rendered. The cumulative effect of a change in the estimated number of RSAs and RSUs for which the requisite service is expected to be or has been rendered is recognized in the period of the change in the estimate. To the extent that the requisite service is rendered, compensation cost for accounting purposes is not reversed; rather, it is recognized regardless of whether or not the awards vest. A discussion of the Company's valuation techniques and related assumptions and estimates used to measure the Company's stock-based compensation is as follows: Valuation. The fair value of RSAs and RSUs without market conditions is determined based on the number of shares relating to such RSAs and RSUs and the quoted price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. The Company estimates the fair value of RSAs and RSUs with market conditions granted using a Monte Carlo simulation. The Company's determination of the fair value of RSAs and RSUs with market conditions on the date of grant is affected by its common stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex or subjective variables. The determination of fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation requires the input of subjective assumptions, and other reasonable assumptions could provide differing results. Amortization Method. The Company amortizes the fair value of all RSAs and RSUs on a straight-line basis for each separately vesting tranche of the award (graded vesting schedule) over the requisite service periods. Expected Volatility. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of its common stock. Expected Dividend Rate. The expected dividend rate at the date of grant is based on the then-current dividend yield. Risk-Free Rate. The Company bases the risk-free rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent remaining term equal to the expected life of the award. Forfeitures. The Company uses historical data and management's judgment about the future employee turnover rates to estimate the number of shares for which the requisite service period will not be rendered. 54 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest Expense and Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs The components of interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs are as follows: The Company amortizes deferred financing costs, discounts, premiums, and purchase price adjustments on long-term debt over the estimated term of the related borrowing using the effective interest yield method. Discounts or purchase price adjustments are presented as a reduction to the related debt obligation on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Income Taxes Effective January 1, 2014, the Company commenced operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the Company is generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that it pays and therefore is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its taxable income that is currently distributed to its stockholders. The Company also may be subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes on its income and assets, including (1) alternative minimum taxes, (2) taxes on any undistributed income, (3) taxes related to the TRSs, (4) certain state, local, or foreign income taxes, (5) franchise taxes, (6) property taxes, and (7) transfer taxes. In addition, the Company could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. In August 2014, the Company received a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), which provides that the real property portion of the Company's small cells and the related rents qualify as real property and rents from real property, respectively, under the rules governing REITs. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company completed the necessary steps to include small cells that were previously included in one or more wholly-owned TRSs in the REIT effective January 2016. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company de-recognized the related net deferred tax liabilities. See note 11 . Additionally, the Company has included in TRSs certain other assets and operations. Those TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. The Company's foreign assets and operations (including its tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether they are included in a TRS or not. The Company will be subject to a federal corporate level tax rate (currently 35%) on the gain recognized from the sale of assets occurring within a specified period (generally 10 years) after the REIT conversion up to the amount of the built in gain that existed on January 1, 2014, which is based upon the fair market value of those assets in excess of the Company's tax basis on January 1, 2014. This gain can be offset by any remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"). For the Company's TRSs, the Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's financial statements or tax returns. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is "more likely than not" that the asset will not be realized. The Company records a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it is "more likely than not" that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets each quarter and based upon projections of future taxable income, reversing deferred tax liabilities or other known events that are expected to affect future taxable income, records a valuation allowance for assets that do not meet the "more likely than not" realization threshold. Valuation allowances may be reversed if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based upon changes in facts and circumstances that impact the recoverability of the asset. 55 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company recognizes a tax position if it is "more likely than not" that it will be sustained upon examination. The tax position is measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company reports penalties and tax-related interest expense as a component of the benefit (provision) for income taxes. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014 , the Company has not recorded any penalties related to its income tax positions. Per Share Information Basic net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders, per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to CCIC common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus any potential dilutive common share equivalents, including shares issuable (1) upon the vesting of RSAs and RSUs as determined under the treasury stock method and (2) upon conversion of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock (as defined in note 12 ), as determined under the if-converted method. A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per share computations is as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 , 11.4 million and 12.5 million common share equivalents related to the Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively, were excluded from the dilutive common shares because the impact of such conversion would be anti-dilutive, based on the Company's common stock price as of the end of each such year. See notes 12 and 13 . Fair Values The Company's assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy that ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are (1) Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active and accessible markets, (2) Level 2 — observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted in active markets but corroborated by market data, and (3) Level 3 — unobservable inputs and are not corroborated by market data. The Company evaluates fair value hierarchy level classifications quarterly, and transfers between levels are effective at the end of the quarterly period. 56 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate the carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its debt securities based on indicative quotes (that is non-binding quotes) from brokers that require judgment to interpret market information including implied credit spreads for similar borrowings on recent trades or bid/ask prices or quotes from active markets if applicable. Foreign currency swaps are valued at settlement amounts using observable exchange rates and, if material, reflect an adjustment for the Company's and contract counterparty's credit risk. There were no changes since December 31, 2014 in the Company's valuation techniques used to measure fair values. See note 10 for a further discussion of fair values. Swaps Interest Rate Swaps. The Company had previously entered into interest rate swaps to manage or reduce its interest rate risk. Derivative financial instruments were entered into for periods that matched the related underlying exposures. The Company can designate derivative financial instruments as hedges. The Company can also enter into derivative financial instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges. Derivatives were recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative was designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative was recorded as a separate component of stockholders' equity, captioned "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet, and recognized as increases or decreases to "interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) when the hedged item affects earnings. If a hedge ceased to qualify for hedge accounting, any change in the fair value of the derivative since the date it ceased to qualify was recorded to "net gain (loss) on interest rate swaps." However, any amounts previously recorded to "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" would remain there until the original forecasted transaction affected earnings. In situations where it becomes probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will not occur, any gains or losses that have been recorded to "accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" are immediately reclassified to earnings. See note 9 . Foreign Currency Swaps. During 2015, the Company entered into foreign currency swaps to manage and reduce its foreign currency risk related to its sale of CCAL (see note 3 ). The derivatives were recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value as of December 31, 2015. These swaps are not designated as accounting hedges and as such, the corresponding gain (loss) on the fair value adjustment is included as a component of "other income (expense)" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). See note 9 . In January 2016, the previously outstanding swap related to the installment payment received from the Buyer (as defined in note 3 ) was cash settled. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued new guidance on the implementation and presentation of discontinued operations titled ASU 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ("ASU 2014-08"). The guidance requires that only disposals that represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the entity's results and operations qualify as discontinued operations. In addition, the new guidance expands the disclosure requirements for disposals that meet the definition of a discontinued operation and requires entities to disclose information about disposals of individually significant components that do not meet the definition of discontinued operations. The new guidance was effective for the Company on January 1, 2015, and the Company has applied the new guidance to the sale of CCAL. See note 3 . In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance on the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. The guidance requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be presented as non-current on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this guidance on December 31, 2015 on a prospective basis. As such, the prior periods presented within the Company's consolidated financial statements were not retrospectively adjusted. See note 11 . Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs. The guidance requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts and premiums. The update requires retrospective application and the guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company will adopt the guidance on January 1, 2016. As of December 31, 2015 , net deferred financing costs were $ 107.7 million and were recorded as a component of "long-term prepaid rent, deferred financing costs and other assets, net" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 57 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) In May 2014, the FASB released updated guidance regarding the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers, exclusive of those contracts within lease accounting. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contracts with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the contract price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. This guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, following the FASB's July 2015 decision to defer the effective date of the standard by one year. This guidance is required to be applied, at the Company's election, either (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or (2) with the cumulative effect being recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is evaluating the guidance, including the impact on its consolidated financial statements. In September 2015, the FASB issued new guidance which requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The update requires prospective application and the guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the standard to have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements upon initial adoption. On May 14, 2015, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell CCAL to a consortium of investors led by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets (collectively, "Buyer"). On May 28, 2015, the Company completed the sale. At closing, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 1.1 billion after accounting for the Company's 77.6% ownership interest, repayment of intercompany debt owed to the Company by CCAL and estimated transaction fees and expenses, exclusive of the impact of foreign currency swaps related to the CCAL sale (see note 9 ). As part of the sale of CCAL, in January 2016, the Company received an installment payment from the Buyer totaling approximately $ 124 million , inclusive of the impact of the related foreign currency swap (see note 9 ). The installment payment is included within "other current assets" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. During the second quarter 2015, the Company used net proceeds from the sale of CCAL to repay portions of outstanding borrowings under its previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. See note 8 . The Company entered into foreign currency swaps to manage and reduce its foreign currency risk associated with the sale of CCAL. These swaps are not included in discontinued operations. See note 9 . CCAL has historically been a separate operating segment of the Company (see note 16 ). The sale of the Company's CCAL operating segment is treated as discontinued operations for all periods presented pursuant to ASU 2014-08, which the Company adopted on January 1, 2015 (see note 2 ). The sale of CCAL represents a strategic shift of the Company to focus on U.S. operations. The gain from disposal of CCAL is included in discontinued operations on the consolidated statement of operations. The tables below set forth the assets and liabilities related to discontinued operations at December 31, 2014, and their results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 and 2013 . 58 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company recorded a gain on the sale of CCAL, which was comprised of the following items: 59 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2013 AT&T Acquisition During October 2013, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with AT&T, to acquire rights to towers which, as of December 31, 2015, comprised approximately 23% of the Company's towers for $4.827 billion in cash at closing ("AT&T Acquisition"). On December 16, 2013, the Company closed on the acquisition. See note 1 for further discussion of the terms of the AT&T master prepaid lease, including the related purchase option. The Company utilized net proceeds from the October 2013 Equity Financings (as defined in note 12 ), and additional borrowings under the 2012 Revolver (as defined in note 8 ) and term loans to fund the AT&T Acquisition, as well as cash on hand. The final purchase price allocation for the AT&T Acquisition is shown below. (a) Inclusive of above-market leases for land interests under the Company's towers. (b) No deferred taxes were recorded as a result of the Company's REIT election. See note 11 . The unaudited pro forma financial results for the year ended December 31, 2013 combine the historical results of the Company, along with the pro forma impact from the AT&T Acquisition. The following table presents the unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations of the Company as if the AT&T Acquisition was completed as of January 1, 2013. The unaudited pro forma amounts are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of future consolidated results of operations. For additional discussion of the AT&T Acquisition see notes 6 , 8 , and 12 . 2014 Land Acquisitions During 2014, the Company completed several acquisitions of portfolios of land interests under towers ("2014 Land Acquisitions"). These acquisitions were predominately comprised of an aggregate of 1,200 land interests for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $ 354 million , net of cash acquired. 60 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2015 Sunesys Acquisition During April 2015, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Quanta Fiber Networks, Inc. ("Sunesys") for approximately $ 1.0 billion in cash, subject to certain limited adjustments ("Sunesys Acquisition"). On August 4, 2015, the Company closed the Sunesys Acquisition. The results of operations from Sunesys have been included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations since the date of acquisition. Prior to the closing, Sunesys was a wholly owned subsidiary of Quanta Services, Inc. and a fiber services provider that owned or had rights to nearly 10,000 miles of fiber in major metropolitan markets across the U.S., including Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago, Atlanta, Silicon Valley, and northern New Jersey. Approximately 60% of Sunesys' fiber miles were located in the top 10 basic trading areas. The Company utilized borrowings under the 2012 Revolver and cash on hand to fund the cash consideration of approximately $ 1.0 billion . See note 8 . The preliminary purchase price allocation for the Sunesys Acquisition is shown below. The preliminary purchase price allocation is based upon a preliminary valuation which is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information, with respect to fixed assets, intangible assets and certain liabilities. Net revenues and net income (loss) attributable to the Sunesys Acquisition are included in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), since the date the acquisition was completed. For the year ended December 31, 2015 , the Sunesys Acquisition resulted in an increase to consolidated net revenues of $41.4 million . The major classes of property and equipment are as follows: 61 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 and 2013 was $774.9 million , $733.6 million and $536.2 million , respectively. Capital leases and associated leasehold improvements related to gross property and equipment, and accumulated depreciation was $4.4 billion and $1.2 billion , respectively, as of December 31, 2015 . See notes 1 and 2 , including discussion of the Company's prepaid master lease agreements. Goodwill The changes in the carrying value of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 were as follows: Intangibles The following is a summary of the Company's intangible assets. See note 4 for further discussion of the Company's acquisitions. Amortization expense related to intangible assets is classified as follows on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss): The estimated annual amortization expense related to intangible assets (inclusive of those recorded as an increase to "site rental costs of operations") for the years ended December 31, 2016 to 2020 is as follows: 62 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Other long-term liabilities The following is a summary of the components of "other long-term liabilities" as presented on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. See also note 2 . For the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , the Company recorded $22.5 million , $24.2 million , and $7.2 million , respectively, as a decrease to "site rental costs of operations" for the amortization of above-market leases for land interests under the Company's towers. The estimated amortization expense related to above-market leases for land interests under the Company's towers recorded to site rental costs of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 to 2020 is as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 the Company recognized $32.8 million , $29.5 million , and $29.6 million , respectively, in "site rental revenues" related to the amortization of below market tenant leases. The following table summarizes the estimated annual amounts related to below-market tenant leases expected to be amortized into site rental revenues for the years ended December 31, 2016 to 2020 are as follows: Other accrued liabilities Other accrued liabilities included accrued payroll and other accrued compensation of $ 78.7 million and $ 61.9 million , respectively, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 . See note 19 for a discussion of the Company's 2016 financing activities, including: (1) the completion of the 2016 Credit Facility, (2) the repayment of the 2012 Credit Facility, and (3) the issuance of the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes and the utilization of such proceeds. 63 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The table below sets forth the Company's debt and other obligations as of December 31, 2015. 64 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The credit agreement governing the Company's senior credit facility ("2012 Credit Facility") contains financial maintenance covenants. The Company is currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants, and based upon current expectations, the Company believes it will continue to comply with its financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of the Company's debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on CCIC or its subsidiaries and may limit the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase the Company's securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. Bank Debt In January 2012, CCOC entered into the 2012 Credit Facility. The 2012 Credit Facility is secured by a pledge of certain equity interests of certain subsidiaries of CCIC, as well as a security interest in CCOC's and certain of its subsidiaries' deposit accounts ($ 80.0 million as of December 31, 2015 ) and securities accounts. The 2012 Credit Facility is guaranteed by CCIC and certain of its subsidiaries. The following are highlights of the Company's issuances, refinancings, and other activities related to the 2012 Credit Facility since the beginning of 2013: • In 2013, the Company: ◦ extended the maturity of both the Tranche A Term Loans and the 2012 Revolver, Securitized Debt The Tower Revenue Notes and the 2009 Securitized Notes (collectively, "Securitized Debt") are obligations of special purpose entities and their direct and indirect subsidiaries (each an "issuer"), all of which are wholly-owned, indirect subsidiaries of CCIC. The Tower Revenue Notes and 2009 Securitized Notes are governed by separate indentures. The January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes, August 2010 Tower Revenue Notes, and May 2015 Tower Revenue Notes are governed by one indenture and consist of multiple series of notes, each with its own anticipated repayment date. The net proceeds of the January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes and August 2010 Tower Revenue Notes were primarily used to repay the portion of the 2005 Tower Revenue Notes not previously purchased and 2006 Tower Revenue Notes not previously purchased, respectively. In April 2014, the Company utilized a portion of the net proceeds from the 4.875% Senior Notes (as defined below) offering to repay $300.0 million of the January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes with an anticipated repayment date of January 2015. 65 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The net proceeds of the May 2015 Tower Revenue Notes, together with proceeds received from our sale of CCAL, were primarily used to (1) to repay $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of August 2010 Tower Revenue Notes with an anticipated repayment date of August 2015, (2) to repay all of the previously outstanding WCP Securitized Notes, (3) to repay portions of outstanding borrowings under its 2012 Credit Facility, and (4) to pay related fees and expenses. The Securitized Debt is paid solely from the cash flows generated by the operation of the towers held directly and indirectly by the issuers of the respective Securitized Debt. The Securitized Debt is secured by, among other things, (1) a security interest in substantially all of the applicable issuers' assignable personal property, (2) a pledge of the equity interests in each applicable issuer, and (3) a security interest in the applicable issuers' leases with tenants to lease tower space (space licenses) . The governing instruments of two indirect subsidiaries ("Crown Atlantic" and "Crown GT") of the issuers of the Tower Revenue Notes generally prevent them from issuing debt and granting liens on their assets without the approval of a subsidiary of Verizon Communications. Consequently, while distributions paid by Crown Atlantic and Crown GT will service the Tower Revenue Notes, the Tower Revenue Notes are not obligations of, nor are the Tower Revenue Notes secured by the cash flows or any other assets of, Crown Atlantic and Crown GT. As of December 31, 2015 , the Securitized Debt was collateralized with personal property and equipment with an aggregate net book value of approximately $1.3 billion , exclusive of Crown Atlantic and Crown GT personal property and equipment. The excess cash flows from the issuers of the Securitized Debt, after the payment of principal, interest, reserves, expenses, and management fees are distributed to the Company in accordance with the terms of the indentures. If the Debt Service Coverage Ratio ("DSCR") (as defined in the applicable governing loan agreement) as of the end of any calendar quarter falls to a certain level, then all excess cash flow of the issuers of the applicable debt instrument will be deposited into a reserve account instead of being released to the Company. The funds in the reserve account will not be released to the Company until the DSCR exceeds a certain level for two consecutive calendar quarters. If the DSCR falls below a certain level as of the end of any calendar quarter, then all cash on deposit in the reserve account along with future excess cash flows of the issuers will be applied to prepay the debt with applicable prepayment consideration. The Company may repay the Tower Revenue Notes or the 2009 Securitized Notes in whole or in part at any time after the second anniversary of the applicable issuance date, provided such prepayment is accompanied by any applicable prepayment consideration. The Securitized Debt has covenants and restrictions customary for rated securitizations, including provisions prohibiting the issuers from incurring additional indebtedness or further encumbering their assets. Bonds—Senior Notes. In April 2014, CCIC issued $ 850.0 million of senior notes due in April 2022 ("4.875% Senior Notes"). The net proceeds from the offering were approximately $ 839 million , after the deduction of associated fees. The Company utilized the net proceeds from the 4.875% Senior Notes offering (1) to repay $300.0 million of the January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes with an anticipated repayment date of January 2015 and (2) to redeem all of the previously outstanding 7.125% Senior Notes. The 5.25% senior notes due 2023 ("5.25% Senior Notes" and, with the 4.875% Senior Notes, "Senior Notes") are general obligations of CCIC, which rank equally with all existing and future senior debt of CCIC. The Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all liabilities (including trade payables) of each subsidiary of CCIC and rank pari passu with the other respective high yield bonds of CCIC. The Company used the net proceeds from the 5.25% Senior Notes offering to partially fund the T-Mobile Acquisition. The Senior Notes contain restrictive covenants with which CCIC and its restricted subsidiaries must comply, subject to a number of exceptions or qualifications, including restrictions on its ability to incur incremental debt, issue preferred stock, guarantee debt, pay dividends, repurchase its capital stock, use assets as security in other transactions, sell assets or merge with or into other companies, or make certain investments. Certain of these restrictions are not applicable if there is no event of default and if the ratio of CCIC's Consolidated Indebtedness (as defined in the respective Senior Notes indenture) to its Adjusted Consolidated Cash Flows (as defined in the respective Senior Notes indenture) is less than or equal to 7.0 to 1.0 . The Senior Notes do not contain any financial maintenance covenants. CCIC may redeem the 4.875% Senior Notes or the 5.25% Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount to be redeemed, plus a make whole premium, and accrued and unpaid interest if any. Bonds—Secured Notes . The 2012 Secured Notes consist of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.381% secured notes due 2017 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.849% secured notes due 2023. The 2012 Secured Notes were issued and are guaranteed by the same subsidiaries of CCIC that had previously issued and guaranteed the 7.75% Secured Notes. The 2012 Secured Notes are secured by a pledge of the equity interests of such subsidiaries. The 2012 Secured Notes are not guaranteed by and are not obligations of CCIC or any of its subsidiaries other than the issuers and guarantors of the 2012 Secured Notes. The 2012 Secured Notes will be paid solely from the cash flows generated from operations of the towers held directly and 66 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) indirectly by the issuers and the guarantors of such notes. The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2012 Secured Notes to repurchase and redeem the previously outstanding 7.75% Secured Notes and a portion of the previously outstanding 9% Senior Notes. The 2012 Secured Notes may be redeemed at any time at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus a make whole premium, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Previously Outstanding Indebtedness Securitized Debt. See above for a discussion of (1) the April 2014 repayment of $300.0 million of the January 2010 Tower Revenue Notes with an anticipated repayment date of January 2015, and (2) the May 2015 repayment of $250.0 million of the August 2010 Tower Revenue Notes with an anticipated repayment date of August 2015 and (3) all of the previously outstanding WCP Securitized Notes. Bonds—Senior Notes. In May 2014, CCIC redeemed approximately $ 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 7.125% Senior Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes redeemed, plus a make-whole premium, and accrued and unpaid interest. The Company utilized a portion of the net proceeds from the 4.875% Senior Notes offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem such previously outstanding 7.125% Senior Notes. Bonds—Secured Notes. In December 2012, the Company purchased approximately $670.6 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.75% Secured Notes validly tendered on or prior to the expiration date. In January 2013, all of the remaining then outstanding 7.75% Secured Notes (approximately $294.4 million aggregate principal amount) were redeemed. The purchase and redemption of the 7.75% Secured Notes was funded by the issuance of the 2012 Secured Notes. Contractual Maturities The following are the scheduled contractual maturities of the total debt or other long-term obligations outstanding at December 31, 2015 . These maturities reflect contractual maturity dates and do not consider the principal payments that will commence following the anticipated repayment dates on the Tower Revenue Notes. If the Tower Revenue Notes are not paid in full on or prior to their respective anticipated repayment dates, as applicable, then the Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the indenture) of the issuers of such notes will be used to repay principal of the applicable series and class of the Tower Revenue Notes, and additional interest (of an additional approximately 5% per annum) will accrue on the Tower Revenue Notes. See also note 19. Debt Purchases and Redemptions The following is a summary of the purchases and redemptions of debt during the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 . 67 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest Rate Swaps The Company had previously entered into interest rate swaps to manage or reduce its interest rate risk, including the use of (1) forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to variability in future cash flows attributable to changes in LIBOR on anticipated financings, including refinancings and potential future borrowings or (2) interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate variability on a portion of the Company's floating rate debt. The Company does not enter into interest rate swaps for speculative or trading purposes. As of December 31, 2015 , the Company does not have any interest rate swaps outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the loss reclassified into earnings from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) was inclusive of $17.1 million of income tax provision. Foreign Currency Swaps During May 2015, the Company entered into two foreign currency swaps to manage and reduce its foreign currency risk related to its sale of CCAL (see note 3 ). The Company does not enter into foreign currency swaps for speculative or trading purposes. The foreign currency swaps were originally comprised of the following: 68 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) In total, the Company recorded a gain on foreign currency swaps of $ 65.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 , respectively. This gain is included as a component of "other income (expense)" on the Company's consolidated statement of operations. The following table shows the estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments, along with the carrying amounts of the related assets (liabilities). See also note 2 . Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes by geographic area is as follows: The benefit (provision) for income taxes consists of the following: 69 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) A reconciliation between the benefit (provision) for income taxes and the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to the income (loss) before income taxes is as follows: The components of the net deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows: During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company completed the necessary steps to include its small cells that were previously included in one or more TRSs in the REIT effective January 2016. See note 19 . As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company de-recognized the net deferred tax liabilities in conjunction with the inclusion of small cells in the REIT in January 2016, which resulted in a net non-cash income tax benefit of $33.8 million . During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company completed the steps necessary to qualify to operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and received final approval from the Company's board of directors. As a result, the Company de-recognized the net deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the entities included in the REIT, which resulted in net non-cash income tax charge of $67.4 million in conjunction with the REIT conversion. Included in the REIT conversion charge of $67.4 million is a $39.8 million adjustment to reclassify a deferred tax charge from AOCI to the provision for income taxes. 70 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) During 2013, in connection with completing the steps necessary to qualify to operate as a REIT, the Company reversed $29.4 million of valuation allowance associated with capital loss carryforwards as the Company generated sufficient capital gains in 2013 to fully realize these capital loss carryforwards. Also, during 2013, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of $12.0 million against federal NOLs of its TRSs as the Company determined that a portion of its TRSs federal NOLs more likely than not will not be realized. The components of the net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) are as follows: At December 31, 2015 , the Company had U.S. federal and state NOLs of approximately $1.3 billion and $0.6 billion , respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income. These amounts include $244.6 million of losses related to stock-based compensation. If not utilized, the Company's U.S. federal NOLs expire starting in 2024 and ending in 2032 , and the state NOLs expire starting in 2016 and ending in 2035 . The utilization of the NOLs is subject to certain limitations. The Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns generally remain open to examination by taxing authorities until three years after the applicable NOLs have been used or expired. The remaining valuation allowance relates to certain foreign net deferred tax assets (primarily NOLs). As of December 31, 2015 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, was $6.7 million . The aggregate changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits are as follows: From time to time, the Company is subject to examinations by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which the Company has business operations. At this time, the Company is not subject to an IRS examination. The Australian Taxation Office is conducting an audit of the tax consequences for Australian tax purposes of the Company’s sale of CCAL. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of additional assessments in each of the tax jurisdictions. The Company believes it has adequately provided for uncertain tax positions and does not believe assessments, if any, arising from current or future examination or audits will have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. As of December 31, 2015 , the Company's deferred tax assets are included in "long-term prepaid rent, deferred financing costs and other assets, net" and the Company's deferred tax liabilities are included in "other long-term liabilities" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. See note 2 for a discussion of recently adopted guidance on the presentation of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. October 2013 Equity Financings On October 28, 2013, the Company completed an offering of 41.4 million shares of common stock, which generated net proceeds of approximately $3.0 billion . On October 28, 2013, the Company completed an offering of approximately 9.8 million shares of the Company's 4.50% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $0.01 per share ("Convertible Preferred Stock"), which generated net proceeds of $ 950.9 millio n. The holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends, when and if declared by the Company's board of directors, at the rate of 4.50% per annum payable on February 1, May 1, August 1 71 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) and November 1 of each year, commencing in February 2014, and to, and including, November 1, 2016. The dividends may be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock. The terms of the Convertible Preferred Stock provide that, unless accumulated dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on common stock. Unless converted earlier, each outstanding share of the Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on November 1, 2016. Currently, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into between 1.1538 and 1.4421 shares of common stock, depending on the applicable market value of the common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to November 1, 2016, holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into common stock at the minimum conversion rate of 1.1538 , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. See note 2 . The common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock offerings in October 2013 are collectively referred to herein as the "October 2013 Equity Financings." The Company used the proceeds from the October 2013 Equity Financings to partially fund the AT&T Acquisition. "At-The-Market" Stock Offering Program In August 2015, the Company established an "at-the-market" stock offering program ("ATM Program") through which it may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500.0 million to or through sales agents. Sales, if any, under the ATM Program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to specific instructions of the Company, at negotiated prices. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from any sales under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of future acquisitions or investments and the repayment or repurchase of any outstanding indebtedness. As of December 31, 2015 , no shares of common stock were sold under the ATM Program. Declaration and Payment of Dividends During the year ended December 31, 2015 , the following dividends were declared or paid: See note 19 . 72 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Tax Treatment of Dividends The following table summarizes, for income tax purposes, the nature of dividends paid during 2015 on the Company's common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock. Alternative minimum tax adjustments are to be apportioned between a REIT and its shareholders under Code Section 59(d). Although regulations have not yet been issued under that provision, based on regulations issued pursuant to a similar provision of prior law and the legislative history of the current provision, it appears that such alternative minimum tax adjustments are to be apportioned to a REIT's shareholders to the extent that the REIT distributes its regular taxable income. All of the Company's alternative minimum tax adjustments are being apportioned to the Company's shareholders. The Company has determined that 0.54% of each distribution to the Company's shareholders for the tax year ended December 31, 2015 consists of an alternative minimum tax adjustment. Purchases of the Company's Common Stock For the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , the Company purchased 0.3 million , 0.3 million , and 1.4 million shares of common stock, respectively, utilizing $29.7 million , $21.8 million , and $99.5 million in cash, respectively. Stock Compensation Plans Pursuant to stockholder approved plans, the Company has and is permitted to grant stock-based awards to certain employees, consultants or non-employee directors of the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates. As of December 31, 2015 , the Company has 12.3 million shares available for future issuance pursuant to its 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTI Plan"). Of these shares remaining available for future issuance, approximately 1.8 million may be issued pursuant to outstanding RSUs granted under the LTI Plan. Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company issued RSAs to certain executives and employees. During the year ended December 31, 2014, in conjunction with the adoption of the LTI Plan, the Company began issuing RSUs to certain executives and employees; each RSU represents a contingent right to receive one share of common stock subject to satisfaction of the applicable vesting terms. The RSAs and RSUs granted to certain executives and employees include (1) annual performance awards that often include provisions for forfeiture by the employee if certain market performance of the Company's common stock is not achieved, (2) new hire or promotional awards that generally contain only service conditions, or (3) other awards related to specific business initiatives or compensation objectives including retention and merger integration. Generally, such awards vest over periods of approximately three years. 73 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The following is a summary of the RSA and RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2015 . The Company granted approximately 1.0 million RSUs to the Company's executives and certain other employees for each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 . The Company granted approximately 1.0 million shares of RSAs to the Company's executives and certain other employees for the year ended December 31, 2013 . The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of the grants for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 was $69.96 , $57.78 , and $46.37 per share, respectively. The weighted-average requisite service period for the RSUs granted during 2015 was approximately 2.5 years. The approximately 1.0 million RSUs granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 , were comprised of (1) approximately 0.5 million RSUs that time vest over a three-year period, and (2) approximately 0.5 million RSUs to the Company's executives and certain other employees which may vest on the third anniversary of the grant date based upon the Company's total shareholder returns (defined as share price appreciation plus the value of dividends paid during the performance period) compared to that of selected peer companies. Certain RSA and RSU agreements contain provisions that result in forfeiture by the employee of any unvested shares in the event that the Company's common stock does not achieve certain price targets. To the extent that the requisite service is rendered, compensation cost for accounting purposes is not reversed; rather, it is recognized regardless of whether or not the market performance target is achieved. The following table summarizes the assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation to determine the grant-date fair value for the awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively, with market conditions. The Company recognized aggregate stock-based compensation expense related to RSAs and RSUs of $57.1 million , $45.8 million , and $37.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively. The aggregate unrecognized compensation (net of estimated forfeitures) related to RSAs and RSUs at December 31, 2015 is $51.5 million and is estimated to be recognized over a weighted-average period of less than one year . The following table is a summary of the awards vested during the three years ended December 31, 2015 . 74 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Stock-based Compensation The following table discloses the components of stock-based compensation expense. The Company is involved in various claims, lawsuits, or proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While there are uncertainties inherent in the ultimate outcome of such matters and it is impossible to presently determine the ultimate costs or losses that may be incurred, if any, management believes the resolution of such uncertainties and the incurrence of such costs should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. Additionally, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are contingently liable for commitments or performance guarantees arising in the ordinary course of business, including certain letters of credit or surety bonds. See note 15 for a discussion of the operating lease commitments. In addition, see note 1 for a discussion of the Company's option to purchase approximately 54% of its towers at the end of their respective lease terms. The Company has no obligation to exercise such purchase options. Asset Retirement Obligations Pursuant to its ground lease and easement agreements, the Company has the obligation to perform certain asset retirement activities, including requirements upon lease or easement termination to remove wireless infrastructure or remediate the land upon which its wireless infrastructure resides. Accretion expense related to liabilities for retirement obligations amounted to $9.9 million , $9.2 million , and $7.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014 , liabilities for retirement obligations were $132.1 million and $119.5 million , respectively, representing the net present value of the estimated expected future cash outlay. As of December 31, 2015 , the estimated undiscounted future cash outlay for asset retirement obligations was approximately $1.1 billion . See note 2 . Tenant Leases The following table is a summary of the rental cash payments owed to the Company, as a lessor, by tenants pursuant to contractual agreements in effect as of December 31, 2015 . Generally, the Company's leases with its tenants provide for (1) annual escalations, (2) multiple renewal periods at the tenant's option, and (3) only limited termination rights at the applicable tenant's option through the current term. As of December 31, 2015 , the weighted-average remaining term of tenant leases is approximately six years, exclusive of renewals at the tenant's option. The tenants' rental payments included in the table below are through the current terms with a maximum current term of 20 years and do not assume exercise of tenant renewal options. Operating Leases The following table is a summary of rental cash payments owed by the Company, as lessee, to landlords pursuant to contractual agreements in effect as of December 31, 2015 . The Company is obligated under non-cancelable operating leases for land interests under 78% of its towers. The majority of these lease agreements have (1) certain termination rights that provide for cancellation after a notice period, (2) multiple renewal options at the Company's option, and (3) annual escalations. Lease agreements may also contain provisions for a contingent payment based on revenues or the gross margin derived from the wireless infrastructure located on the leased land interest. Approximately 75% and approximately 90% of the Company's site rental gross margins for the year ended December 31, 2015 are derived from towers where the land interest under the tower is owned or leased with final expiration 75 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) dates of greater than 20 years and ten years, respectively, inclusive of renewals at the Company's option. The operating lease payments included in the table below include payments for certain renewal periods at the Company's option up to the estimated wireless infrastructure useful life of 20 years and an estimate of contingent payments based on revenues and gross margins derived from existing tenant leases. Rental expense from operating leases was $657.1 million , $645.3 million , and $482.3 million , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 . The rental expense was inclusive of contingent payments based on revenues or gross margin derived from the wireless infrastructure located on the leased land interests of $91.8 million , $88.3 million , and $73.7 million , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 . Operating Segments The Company has determined that presently, following the sale of CCAL, it has one reportable operating segment consisting of its U.S. operations, which is consistent with its current operational and financial reporting structure. Financial results for the Company are currently reported to the Company's management team and board of directors in this manner. Prior to its sale in May 2015, CCAL, the Company's previously 77.6% owned subsidiary that owned and operated towers in Australia, was a reportable segment. As a result of the sale of CCAL, the Company's segment data has been reclassified for all periods presented to include CCAL on a discontinued operations basis. The Company will continue its evaluation of its operating segments following the disposition of CCAL and its change in strategic focus to its U.S. business. To the extent the Company makes changes to its financial reporting or organizational structure, including the integration of the Sunesys Acquisition, the Company will evaluate any impact such changes may have to its segment reporting. Major Customers The following table summarizes the percentage of the consolidated revenues for those customers accounting for more than 10% of the consolidated revenues. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and trade receivables. The Company mitigates its risk with respect to cash and cash equivalents by maintaining such deposits at high credit quality financial institutions and monitoring the credit ratings of those institutions. The Company's restricted cash is predominately held and directed by a trustee (see note 2 ). 76 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The Company derives the largest portion of its revenues from customers in the wireless industry. The Company also has a concentration in its volume of business with AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, and Sprint or their agents that accounts for a significant portion of the Company's revenues, receivables, and deferred site rental receivables. The Company mitigates its concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables by actively monitoring the creditworthiness of its tenants, the use of tenant leases with contractually determinable payment terms, or proactive management of past due balances. The following table is a summary of the supplemental cash flow information during the years ended December 31, 2015 , 2014 and 2013 . Summary quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 77 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued) (Tabular dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Small Cells REIT Inclusion Effective January 2016, the Company's small cells that were previously included in one or more wholly-owned TRSs are included in the REIT. See note 11 . 2016 Credit Facility On January 21, 2016, the Company completed a new $5.5 billion Senior Unsecured Credit Facility ("2016 Credit Facility"), consisting of a $2.5 billion Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility ("2016 Revolver") maturing on January 21, 2021, a $1.0 billion Senior Unsecured 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility ("364-Day Facility") maturing on January 19, 2017, and a $2.0 billion Senior Unsecured Term Loan A Facility ("2016 Term Loan A") maturing on January 21, 2021. As of February 15, 2016 , the 364-Day Facility had been paid in full and terminated and there was $355 million drawn on the 2016 Revolver. The 2016 Credit Facility bears interest at a per annum rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.125% to 2.000% , based on the Company's senior unsecured debt rating. The proceeds of the loans under the 2016 Credit Facility, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all outstanding borrowings under the previously outstanding 2012 Credit Facility. The credit agreement governing the Company's 2016 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants. The Company is currently in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants, and based upon current expectations, the Company believes it will continue to comply with its financial maintenance covenants. In addition, certain of the Company's debt agreements also contain restrictive covenants that place restrictions on CCIC or its subsidiaries and may limit the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and liens, purchase the Company's securities, make capital expenditures, dispose of assets, undertake transactions with affiliates, make other investments, pay dividends or distribute excess cash flow. 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes On February 8, 2016 the Company issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of investment grade senior unsecured notes ("2016 Senior Unsecured Notes"), which consist of (1) $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.4% Senior Notes with a final maturity date of February 2021, and (2) $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.45% Senior Notes with a final maturity date of February 2026. The Company used the net proceeds from the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes offering, together with cash on hand, to (1) repay in full all outstanding borrowings under the 364-Day Facility (and, in connection therewith, terminate all commitments thereunder), and (2) to repay $500.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the 2016 Revolver. Common Stock Dividend On February 18, 2016 , the Company declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.885 per share, which was approved by the Company's board of directors. The common stock dividend will be paid on March 31, 2016 to common stockholders of record as of March 18, 2016 . 78 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2015 , the Company's management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act")). Based upon their evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2015 , were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's CEO and CFO, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the framework described in "Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)," issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 . Based on the Company's assessment, management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over financial reporting. (d) Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls Because of its inherent limitations, the Company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 79 Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth in the 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth in the 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth in the 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The following table summarizes information with respect to equity compensation plans under which equity securities of the registrant are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2015 : Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth in the 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth in the 2016 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 80 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements: (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts follows this Part IV. Schedule III—Schedule of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is contained in the financial statements or notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. (a)(3) Exhibits: The list of exhibits set forth in the accompanying Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference into this Item 15(a)(3). 81 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 , 2014 AND 2013 (In thousands of dollars) 82 CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III—SCHEDULE OF REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 (In thousands of dollars) 83 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Item 15 (a) (3) 84 85 86 87 ____________________ * Filed herewith. 88 89 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 22 nd day of February, 2016 . POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints W. Benjamin Moreland and Kenneth J. Simon and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all documents relating to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments and supplements thereto, for the year ended December 31, 2015 and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully as to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated below on this 22 nd day of February, 2016 . 90 91