10-K 1 cube-20181231x10k.htm 10-K cube_Current folio_10K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-K ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 001-32324 (CubeSmart) Commission file number 000-54462 (CubeSmart, L.P.) CUBESMART CUBESMART, L.P. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (610) 535-5000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Units of General Partnership Interest of CubeSmart, L.P. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). As of June 29, 2018, the last business day of CubeSmart’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of common shares held by non-affiliates of CubeSmart was $5,988,953,396. As of February 20, 2019, the number of common shares of CubeSmart outstanding wa s 187,160,187. As of June 29, 2018, the last business day of CubeSmart, L.P.’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the 2,002,248 units of limited partnership (the “OP Units”) held by non-affiliates of CubeSmart, L.P. was $64,512,431 based upon the last reported sale price of $32.22 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on June 29, 2018 of the common shares of CubeSmart, the sole general partner of CubeSmart, L.P. (For this computation, the market value of all OP Units beneficially owned by CubeSmart has been excluded.) Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of CubeSmart to be filed subsequently with the SEC are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 of CubeSmart (the “Parent Company” or “CubeSmart”) and CubeSmart, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). The Parent Company is a Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns its assets and conducts its operations through the Operating Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, and subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company, the Operating Partnership and their consolidated subsidiaries are collectively referred to in this report as the “Company”. In addition, terms such as “we”, “us”, or “our” used in this report may refer to the Company, the Parent Company, and/or the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2018, owned a 99.0% interest in the Operating Partnership. The remaining 1.0% interest consists of common units of limited partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership to third parties in exchange for contributions of properties to the Operating Partnership. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has full and complete authority over the Operating Partnership’s day-to-day operations and management. Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one enterprise. The management teams of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are identical, and their constituents are officers of both the Parent Company and of the Operating Partnership. There are a few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, which are reflected in the note disclosures in this report. The Company believes it is important to understand the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how these entities operate as a consolidated enterprise. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of the partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing the debt obligations of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all the assets of the Company and, directly or indirectly, holds the ownership interests in the Company’s real estate ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the Company’s business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company’s business through the Operating Partnership’s operations, by the Operating Partnership’s direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness or through the issuance of partnership units of the Operating Partnership or equity interests in subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The substantive difference between the Parent Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s filings is the fact that the Parent Company is a REIT with public equity, while the Operating Partnership is a partnership with no publicly traded equity. In the financial statements, this difference is primarily reflected in the equity (or capital for the Operating Partnership) section of the consolidated balance sheets and in the consolidated statements of equity (or capital). Apart from the different equity treatment, the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are nearly identical. The Company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into a single report will: In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosures of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to such disclosures as those of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and real estate ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the business is one enterprise and the Parent Company operates the business through the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have significant assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial 2 Table of Contents statements. The separate discussions of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company’s operations on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. This report also includes separate Item 9A - Controls and Procedures sections, signature pages and Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Company and the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership have made the requisite certifications and that the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and 18 U.S.C. §1350. 3 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 Table of Contents PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Report, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning the Company’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs, plans or intentions relating to acquisitions and other information that is not historical information. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “believes”, “expects”, “estimates”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “anticipates”, or “intends” or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. Such statements are based on assumptions and expectations that may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, future events and actual results, performance, transactions or achievements, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results, performance, transactions or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. As a result, you should not rely on or construe any forward-looking statements in this Report, or which management or persons acting on their behalf may make orally or in writing from time to time, as predictions of future events or as guarantees of future performance. We caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report or as of the dates otherwise indicated in such forward-looking statements. All of our forward-looking statements, including those in this Report, are qualified in their entirety by this statement. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in or contemplated by this Report. Any forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties referred to in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in this Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 5 Table of Contents Given these uncertainties and the other risks identified elsewhere in this Report, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as may be required by securities laws. Because of the factors referred to above, the future events discussed in or incorporated by reference in this Report may not occur and actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from that anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are a self-administered and self-managed real estate company focused primarily on the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, and development of self-storage properties in the United States. As of December 31, 2018, we owned 493 self-storage properties located in 23 states and in the District of Columbia containing an aggregate of approximately 34.6 million rentable square feet. As of December 31, 2018, approximately 89.0% of the rentable square footage at our owned stores was leased to approximately 289,500 customers, and no single customer represented a significant concentration of our revenues. As of December 31, 2018, we owned stores in the District of Columbia and the following 23 states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. In addition, as of December 31, 2018, we managed 593 stores for third parties (including 151 stores containing an aggregate of approximately 9.0 million net rentable square feet as part of five separate unconsolidated real estate ventures) bringing the total number of stores we owned and/or managed to 1,086. As of December 31, 2018, we managed stores for third parties in the District of Columbia and the following 34 states: Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. Our self-storage properties are designed to offer affordable and easily-accessible storage space for our residential and commercial customers. Our customers rent storage cubes for their exclusive use, typically on a month-to-month basis. Additionally, some of our stores offer outside storage areas for vehicles and boats. Our stores are designed to accommodate both residential and commercial customers, with features such as wide aisles and load-bearing capabilities for large truck access. All of our stores have a storage associate available to assist our customers during business hours, and 287, or approximately 58.2%, of our owned stores have a manager who resides in an apartment at the store. Our customers can access their storage cubes during business hours, and some of our stores provide customers with 24-hour access through computer-controlled access systems. Our goal is to provide customers with the highest standard of physical attributes and service in the industry. To that end, 419, or approximately 85.0%, of our owned stores include climate-controlled cubes. The Parent Company was formed in July 2004 as a Maryland REIT. The Parent Company owns its assets and conducts its business through the Operating Partnership, and its subsidiaries. The Parent Company controls the Operating Partnership as its sole general partner and, as of December 31, 2018, owned an approximately 99.0% interest in the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership was formed in July 2004 as a Delaware limited partnership and has been engaged in virtually all aspects of the self-storage business, including the development, acquisition, management, ownership, and operation of self-storage properties. Acquisition and Disposition Activity As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, we owned 493 and 484 stores, respectively, that contained an aggregate of 34.6 million and 33.8 million rentable square feet with occupancy levels of 89.0% and 89.2%, respectively. A complete listing of, and additional information 6 Table of Contents about, our stores is included in Item 2 of this Report. The following is a summary of our 2018, 2017 and 2016 acquisition and disposition activity: 7 Table of Contents The comparability of our results of operations is affected by the timing of acquisition and disposition activities during the periods reported. As of December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we owned 493, 484, and 475 self-storage properties and related assets, respectively. The following table summarizes the change in number of owned stores from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018: Financing and Investing Activities The following summarizes certain financing and investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2018: 8 Table of Contents Business Strategy Our business strategy consists of several elements: Investment and Market Selection Process We maintain a disciplined and focused process in the acquisition and development of self-storage properties. Our investment committee, comprised of four senior officers and led by Christopher P. Marr, our Chief Executive Officer, oversees our investment process. Our investment process involves six stages — identification, initial due diligence, economic assessment, investment committee approval (and when required, the approval of our Board of Trustees (the “Board”)), final due diligence, and documentation. Through our investment committee, we intend to focus on the following criteria: Segment We have one reportable segment: we own, operate, develop, manage, and acquire self-storage properties. Concentration Our self-storage properties are located in major metropolitan areas as well as suburban areas and have numerous customers per store. No single customer represented a significant concentration of our 2018 revenues. Our stores in Florida, New York, Texas, and California provided approximately 17%, 16%, 10% and 8%, respectively, of our total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. 9 Table of Contents Seasonality We typically experience seasonal fluctuations in occupancy levels at our stores, with the levels generally slightly higher during the summer months due to increased moving activity. Financing Strategy We maintain a capital structure that we believe is reasonable and prudent and that will enable us to have ample cash flow to cover debt service and make distributions to our shareholders. As of December 31, 2018, our debt to total capitalization ratio (determined by dividing the carrying value of our total indebtedness by the sum of (a) the market value of the Parent Company’s outstanding common shares and units of the Operating Partnership held by third parties and (b) the carrying value of our total indebtedness) was approximately 24.4% compared to approximately 23.5% as of December 31, 2017. Our ratio of debt to the undepreciated cost of our total assets as of December 31, 2018 was approximately 37.9% compared to approximately 38.0% as of December 31, 2017. We expect to finance additional investments in self-storage properties through the most attractive sources of capital available at the time of the transaction, in a manner consistent with maintaining a strong financial position and future financial flexibility, subject to limitations on incurrence of indebtedness in our unsecured credit facilities and the indenture that governs our unsecured notes. These capital sources may include existing cash, borrowings under the revolving portion of our credit facility, additional secured or unsecured financings, sales of common or preferred shares of the Parent Company in public offerings or private placements, additional issuances of debt securities, issuances of common or preferred units in our Operating Partnership in exchange for contributed properties, and formations of joint ventures. We also may sell stores that have unattractive risk adjusted returns and use the sales proceeds to fund other acquisitions. Competition Self-storage properties compete based on a number of factors, including location, rental rates, security, suitability of the store’s design to prospective customers’ needs, and the manner in which the store is operated and marketed. In particular, the number of competing self-storage properties in a market could have a material effect on our occupancy levels, rental rates, and on the overall operating performance of our stores. We believe that the primary competition for potential customers of any of our self-storage properties comes from other self-storage providers within a three-mile radius of that store. We believe our stores are well-positioned within their respective markets, and we emphasize customer service, convenience, security, professionalism, and cleanliness. Our key competitors include local and regional operators as well as the other public self-storage REITs, including Public Storage, Extra Space Storage Inc., and Life Storage, Inc. These companies, some of which operate significantly more stores than we do and have greater resources than we have, and other entities may be able to accept more risk than we determine is prudent for us, including risks with respect to the geographic proximity of investments and the payment of higher acquisition prices. This competition may reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us, increase the price required to acquire stores, and reduce the demand for self-storage space at our stores. Nevertheless, we believe that our experience in operating, managing, acquiring, developing, and obtaining financing for self-storage properties should enable us to compete effectively. Government Regulation We are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to lien sale rights and procedures and various federal, state, and local regulations that apply generally to the ownership of real property and the operation of self-storage properties. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and applicable state accessibility act laws (collectively, the “ADA”), all places of public accommodation are required to meet federal requirements related to physical access and use by disabled persons. A number of other federal, state, and local laws may also impose access and other similar requirements at our stores. A failure to comply with the ADA or similar state or local requirements could result in the governmental imposition of fines or the award of damages to private litigants affected by the noncompliance. Although we believe that our stores comply in all material respects with these requirements (or would be eligible for applicable exemptions from material requirements because of adaptive assistance provided), a determination that one or more of our stores or websites is not in compliance with the ADA or similar state or local requirements would result in the incurrence of additional costs associated with bringing them into compliance. Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances released on or in its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. The presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, when released, may adversely affect the property owner’s 10 Table of Contents ability to sell the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral, and may cause the property owner to incur substantial remediation costs. In addition to claims for cleanup costs, the presence of hazardous substances on a property could result in a claim by a private party for personal injury or a claim by an adjacent property owner or user for property damage. We may also become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances stored at the properties by a customer even though storage of hazardous substances would be without our knowledge or approval and in violation of the customer’s storage lease agreement with us. Our practice is to conduct or obtain environmental assessments in connection with the acquisition or development of properties. Whenever the environmental assessment for one of our stores indicates that a store is impacted by soil or groundwater contamination from prior owners/operators or other sources, we work with our environmental consultants and, where appropriate, state governmental agencies, to ensure that the store is either cleaned up, that no cleanup is necessary because the low level of contamination poses no significant risk to public health or the environment, or that the responsibility for cleanup rests with a third party. In certain cases, we have purchased environmental liability insurance coverage to indemnify us against claims for contamination or other adverse environmental conditions that may affect a property. We are not aware of any environmental cleanup liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot provide assurance, however, that these environmental assessments and investigations have revealed or will reveal all potential environmental liabilities, that no prior owner created any material environmental condition not known to us or the independent consultant or that future events or changes in environmental laws will not result in the imposition of environmental liability on us. We have not received notice from any governmental authority of any material noncompliance, claim, or liability in connection with any of our stores, nor have we been notified of a claim for personal injury or property damage by a private party in connection with any of our stores relating to environmental conditions. We are not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of our stores that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and we do not expect that the cost of compliance with environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We cannot provide assurance, however, that this will continue to be the case. Insurance We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio. We carry environmental insurance coverage on certain stores in our portfolio. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage, and industry practice. We do not carry insurance for losses such as loss from riots, war or acts of God, and, in some cases, flood and environmental hazards, because such coverage is either not available or not available at commercially reasonable rates. Some of our policies, such as those covering losses due to terrorist activities, hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, are insured subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses. We also carry liability insurance to insure against personal injuries that might be sustained at our stores as well as director and officer liability insurance. Offices Our principal executive offices are located at 5 Old Lancaster Road, Malvern, PA 19355. Our telephone number is (610) 535-5000. Employees As of December 31, 2018, we employed 2,815 employees, of whom 330 were corporate executive and administrative personnel and 2,485 were property-level personnel. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. Our employees are not unionized. Available Information We file registration statements, proxy statements, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, with the SEC. You may obtain copies of these documents by accessing the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our internet website address is www.cubesmart.com. You also can obtain on our website, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, after we electronically file such reports or amendments with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Our internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Report. 11 Table of Contents Also available on our website, free of charge, are copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the charters for each of the committees of our Board — the Audit Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and the Compensation Committee. Copies of each of these documents are also available in print free of charge, upon request by any shareholder. You can obtain copies of these documents by contacting Investor Relations by mail at 5 Old Lancaster Road, Malvern, PA 19355. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Overview An investment in our securities involves various risks. Investors should carefully consider the risks set forth below together with other information contained in this Report. These risks are not the only ones that we may face. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, may also impair our business, financial condition, operating results, and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. Risks Related to our Business and Operations Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may significantly and negatively affect our rental rates, occupancy levels and therefore our results of operations. We are susceptible to the effects of adverse macro-economic events that can result in higher unemployment, shrinking demand for products, large-scale business failures and tight credit markets. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending, as well as to increased bad debts due to recessionary pressures. Adverse economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, and fuel and energy costs, could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to other products and services. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending or shifts in consumer discretionary spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability. It is difficult to determine the breadth and duration of economic and financial market disruptions and the many ways in which they may affect our customers and our business in general. Nonetheless, financial and macroeconomic disruptions could have a significant adverse effect on our sales, profitability, and results of operations. Many states and local jurisdictions are facing severe budgetary problems which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Many states and jurisdictions are facing severe budgetary problems. Action that may be taken in response to these problems, such as increases in property taxes on commercial properties, changes to sales taxes or other governmental efforts, including mandating medical insurance for employees, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our financial performance is dependent upon economic and other conditions of the markets in which our stores are located. We are susceptible to adverse developments in the markets in which we operate, such as business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, relocations of businesses, changing demographics, and other factors. Our stores in Florida, New York, Texas, and California accounted for approximately 17%, 16%, 10% and 8%, respectively, of our total 2018 revenues. As a result of this geographic concentration of our stores, we are particularly susceptible to adverse market conditions in these areas. Any adverse economic or real estate developments in these markets, or in any of the other markets in which we operate, or any decrease in demand for self-storage space resulting from the local business climate, could adversely affect our rental revenues, which could impair our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and pay distributions to our shareholders. We face risks associated with property acquisitions. We intend to continue to acquire individual and portfolios of self-storage properties. The purchase agreements that we enter into in connection with acquisitions typically contain closing conditions that need to be satisfied before the acquisitions can be consummated. The satisfaction of many of these conditions is outside of our control, and we therefore cannot assure that any of our pending or future acquisitions will be consummated. These conditions include, among other things, satisfactory examination of the title to the properties, the ability to obtain title insurance and customary closing conditions. Moreover, in the event we are unable to complete pending or future 12 Table of Contents acquisitions, we may have incurred significant legal, accounting, and other transaction costs in connection with such acquisitions without realizing the expected benefits. Those acquisitions that we do consummate would increase our size and may potentially alter our capital structure. Although we believe that future acquisitions that we complete will enhance our financial performance, the success of acquisitions is subject to the risks that: In addition, we often do not obtain third-party appraisals of acquired properties and instead rely on value determinations by our senior management. We will incur costs and will face integration challenges when we acquire additional stores. As we acquire or develop additional self-storage properties and bring additional self-storage properties onto our third party management platform, we will be subject to risks associated with integrating and managing new stores, including customer retention and mortgage default risks. In the case of a large portfolio purchase, we could experience strains in our existing information management capacity. In addition, acquisitions or developments may cause disruptions in our operations and divert management’s attention away from day-to-day operations. Furthermore, our income may decline because we will be required to depreciate/amortize in future periods costs for acquired real property and intangible assets. Our failure to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our portfolio could have an adverse effect on our operating costs and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. The acquisition of new stores that lack operating history with us will make it more difficult to predict revenue potential. We intend to continue to acquire additional stores. These acquisitions could fail to perform in accordance with expectations. If we fail to accurately estimate occupancy levels, rental rates, operating costs, or costs of improvements to bring an acquired store up to the standards established for our intended market position, the performance of the store may be below expectations. Acquired stores may have characteristics or deficiencies affecting their valuation or revenue potential that we have not yet discovered. We cannot assure that the performance of stores acquired by us will increase or be maintained under our management. Our development activities may be more costly or difficult to complete than we anticipate. We intend to continue to develop self-storage properties where market conditions warrant such investment. Once made, these investments may not produce results in accordance with our expectations. Risks associated with development and construction activities include: 13 Table of Contents We depend on external sources of capital that are outside of our control; the unavailability of capital from external sources could adversely affect our ability to acquire or develop stores, satisfy our debt obligations, and/or make distributions to shareholders. We depend on external sources of capital to fund acquisitions and development, to satisfy our debt obligations and to make distributions to our shareholders required to maintain our status as a REIT, and these sources of capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Our access to external sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market’s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. If we are unable to obtain external sources of capital, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt obligations or make distributions to shareholders that would permit us to qualify as a REIT or avoid paying tax on our REIT taxable income. We may incur impairment charges. We evaluate on a quarterly basis our real estate portfolio for indicators of impairment. Impairment charges reflect management’s judgment of the probability and severity of the decline in the value of real estate assets we own. These charges and provisions may be required in the future as a result of factors beyond our control, including, among other things, changes in the economic environment and market conditions affecting the value of real property assets or natural or man-made disasters. If we are required to take impairment charges, our results of operations will be adversely impacted. Rising operating expenses could reduce our cash flow and funds available for future distributions. Our stores and any other stores we acquire or develop in the future are and will be subject to operating risks common to real estate in general, any or all of which may negatively affect us. Our stores are subject to increases in operating expenses such as real estate and other taxes, personnel costs including the cost of providing specific medical coverage to our employees, utilities, insurance, administrative expenses, and costs for repairs and maintenance. If operating expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability could diminish and limit our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. We cannot assure our ability to pay dividends in the future. Historically, we have paid quarterly distributions to our shareholders, and we intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to make distributions to our shareholders in amounts such that all or substantially all of our taxable income in each year, subject to certain adjustments, is distributed. This, along with other factors, should enable us to continue to qualify for the tax benefits accorded to a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. We have not established a minimum dividends payment level, and all future distributions will be made at the discretion of our Board. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors: Certain of these matters are beyond our control and any significant difference between our expectations and actual results could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to shareholders. 14 Table of Contents If we are unable to promptly re-let our cubes or if the rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected . We derive revenues principally from rents received from customers who rent cubes at our self-storage properties under month-to-month leases. Any delay in re-letting cubes as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. In addition, lower than expected rental rates upon re-letting could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth. Store ownership through joint ventures may limit our ability to act exclusively in our interest. We have in the past co-invested with, and we may continue to co-invest with, third parties through joint ventures. In any such joint venture, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the stores owned through joint ventures. Investments in joint ventures may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Joint venture partners may have business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments also have the potential risk of impasse on strategic decisions, such as a sale, in cases where neither we nor the joint venture partner would have full control over the joint venture. In other circumstances, joint venture partners may have the ability without our agreement to make certain major decisions, including decisions about sales, capital expenditures, and/or financing. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners could result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and distract our officers and/or Trustees from focusing their time and effort on our business. In addition, we might in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture partners, and the activities of a joint venture could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, even though we do not control the joint venture. We face significant competition for customers and acquisition and development opportunities. Actions by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our stores. We compete with numerous developers, owners, and operators of self-storage properties, including other REITs, as well as on-demand storage providers, some of which own or may in the future own stores similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our stores are located and some of which may have greater capital resources. In addition, due to the relatively low cost of each individual self-storage property, other developers, owners, and operators have the capability to build additional stores that may compete with our stores. If our competitors build new stores that compete with our stores or offer space at rental rates below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to retain customers when our customers’ leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, cash flow, cash available for distribution, market price of our shares, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, increased competition for customers may require us to make capital improvements to our stores that we would not have otherwise made. Any unbudgeted capital improvements we undertake may reduce cash available for distributions to our shareholders. We also face significant competition for acquisitions and development opportunities. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do and a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire stores. These competitors may also be willing to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the geographic proximity of investments and the payment of higher acquisition prices. This competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us, may increase acquisition costs and may reduce demand for self-storage space in certain areas where our stores are located and, as a result, adversely affect our operating results. We may become subject to litigation or threatened litigation which may divert management’s time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses, or restrict the operation of our business. We may become subject to disputes with commercial parties with whom we maintain relationships or other parties with whom we do business. Any such dispute could result in litigation between us and the other parties. Whether or not any dispute actually proceeds to litigation, we may be required to devote significant management time and attention to its successful resolution (through litigation, settlement, or otherwise), which would detract from our management’s ability to focus on our business. Any such resolution could involve the payment of damages or expenses by us, which may be significant. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement with terms that restrict the operation of our business. There are other commercial parties, at both a local and national level, that may assert that our use of our brand names and other intellectual property conflict with their rights to use brand names, internet domains, and other intellectual property that they consider to be 15 Table of Contents similar to ours. Any such commercial dispute and related resolution would involve all of the risks described above, including, in particular, our agreement to restrict the use of our brand name or other intellectual property. We also could be sued for personal injuries and/or property damage occurring on our properties. We maintain liability insurance with limits that we believe are adequate to provide for the defense and/or payment of any damages arising from such lawsuits. There can be no assurance that such coverage will cover all costs and expenses from such suits. Legislative actions and changes may cause our general and administrative costs and compliance costs to increase. In order to comply with laws adopted by federal, state or local government or regulatory bodies, we may be required to increase our expenditures and hire additional personnel and additional outside legal, accounting and advisory services, all of which may cause our general and administrative and compliance costs to increase. Significant workforce-related legislative changes could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible workforce-related legislative changes include changes to an employer's obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care and medical and family leave mandates. In addition, changes in the regulatory environment affecting health care reimbursements, and increased compliance costs related to enforcement of federal and state wage and hour statutes and common law related to overtime, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. Potential losses may not be covered by insurance, which could result in the loss of our investment in a property and the future cash flows from the property. We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. We do not carry insurance for losses such as loss from riots, war or acts of God, and, in some cases, flooding and environmental hazards, because such coverage is not available or is not available at commercially reasonable rates. Some of our policies, such as those covering losses due to terrorism, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes, are insured subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses. If we experience a loss at a store that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in that store as well as the anticipated future cash flows from that store. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it impractical or undesirable to use insurance proceeds to replace a store after it has been damaged or destroyed. In addition, if the damaged stores are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these stores were irreparably damaged. Our insurance coverage may not comply with certain loan requirements. Certain of our stores serve as collateral for our mortgage-backed debt, some of which we assumed in connection with our acquisition of stores and requires us to maintain insurance at levels and on terms that are not commercially reasonable in the current insurance environment. We may be unable to obtain required insurance coverage if the cost and/or availability make it impractical or impossible to comply with debt covenants. If we cannot comply with a lender’s requirements, the lender could declare a default, which could affect our ability to obtain future financing and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows and our ability to obtain future financing. In addition, we may be required to self-insure against certain losses or our insurance costs may increase. Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. We are subject to federal, state and local environmental regulations that apply generally to the ownership of real property and the operation of self-storage properties. If we fail to comply with those laws, we could be subject to significant fines or other governmental sanctions. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with contamination. Such liability may be imposed whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of these hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of investigation, remediation or removal of such substances may be substantial, and the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. In addition, in connection with the ownership, operation, and management of properties, we are potentially liable for property damage or injuries to persons and property. 16 Table of Contents Our practice is to conduct or obtain environmental assessments in connection with the acquisition or development of additional stores. We carry environmental insurance coverage on certain stores in our portfolio. We obtain or examine environmental assessments from qualified and reputable environmental consulting firms (and intend to conduct such assessments prior to the acquisition or development of additional stores). The environmental assessments received to date have not revealed, nor do we have actual knowledge of, any environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on us. However, we cannot assure that our environmental assessments have identified or will identify all material environmental conditions, that any prior owner of any property did not create a material environmental condition not actually known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist with respect to any of our properties. Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state accessibility act compliance may require unanticipated expenditures. Under the ADA, all places of public accommodation are required to meet federal requirements related to physical access and use by disabled persons. A number of other federal, state and local laws may also impose access and other similar requirements at our properties. A failure to comply with the ADA or similar state or local requirements could result in the governmental imposition of fines or the award of damages to private litigants affected by the noncompliance. Although we believe that our properties and websites comply in all material respects with these requirements (or would be eligible for applicable exemptions from material requirements because of adaptive assistance provided), a determination that one or more of our properties is not in compliance with the ADA or similar state or local requirements would result in the incurrence of additional costs associated with bringing the properties into compliance. If we are required to make substantial modifications to comply with the ADA or similar state or local requirements, we may be required to incur significant unanticipated expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our operating costs and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. Privacy concerns could result in regulatory changes that may harm our business. Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Many jurisdictions in which we operate, including California, have imposed restrictions and requirements on the use of personal information by those collecting such information. The regulatory framework for privacy issues is rapidly evolving and future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our business. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in consent orders or regulatory penalties and significant legal liability, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We face system security risks as we depend upon automated processes and the Internet and we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation if our systems are penetrated. We are increasingly dependent upon automated information technology processes and Internet commerce, and many of our new customers come from the telephone or over the Internet. Moreover, the nature of our business involves the receipt and retention of personal information about our customers. We also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions and provide other systems and services. These systems, and our systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malware, and other destructive or disruptive security breaches and catastrophic events, such as a natural disaster or a terrorist event or cyber-attack. In addition, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our security systems and misappropriate our confidential information, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Such data security breaches as well as system disruptions and shutdowns could result in additional costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems and possible legal liability, including government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing at our self-storage properties. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills or technologies needed to support our systems, implement improvements to our customer-facing technology in a timely manner, allow accurate visibility to product availability when customers are ready to rent, quickly and efficiently fulfill our customers rental and payment methods they demand, or provide a convenient and consistent experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely impact our performance and may affect the markets on which our securities are traded. Terrorist attacks against our stores, the United States or our interests, may negatively impact our operations and the value of our securities. Attacks or armed conflicts could negatively impact the demand for self-storage and increase the cost of insurance coverage for 17 Table of Contents our stores, which could reduce our profitability and cash flow. Furthermore, any terrorist attacks or armed conflicts could result in increased volatility in or damage to the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Our performance and the value of our self-storage properties are subject to risks associated with our properties and with the real estate industry. Our rental revenues and operating costs and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our stores do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our shareholders will be adversely affected. Events or conditions beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations or the value of our properties include but are not limited to: In addition, prolonged periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, or declining demand for self-storage, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rental revenues, which could impair our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make distributions to our shareholders. Rental revenues are significantly influenced by demand for self-storage space generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. Because our real estate portfolio consists primarily of self-storage properties, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. A decrease in the demand for self-storage space would have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. Demand for self-storage space could be adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional, and local economies, changes in supply of, or demand for, similar or competing self-storage properties in an area, and the excess amount of self-storage space in a particular market. To the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to affect market rents for self-storage space, which could cause a decrease in our rental revenue. Any such decrease could impair our ability to satisfy debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders. Because real estate is illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. Real estate property investments generally cannot be sold quickly. Also, the tax laws applicable to REITs require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forgo or defer sales of properties 18 Table of Contents that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to dispose of properties promptly, or on favorable terms, in response to economic or other market conditions, which may adversely affect our financial position. Risks Related to our Qualification and Operation as a REIT Failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax which would reduce the cash available for distribution to our shareholders. We operate our business to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS that we qualify as a REIT, and the statements in this Report are not binding on the IRS or any court. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the income that we distribute currently to our shareholders. Many of the REIT requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters and circumstances that may not be totally within our control. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of our gross income must come from specific passive sources, such as rent, that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. In addition, to qualify as a REIT, we cannot own specified amounts of debt and equity securities of some issuers. We also are required to distribute to our shareholders with respect to each year at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. The fact that we hold substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries and joint ventures further complicates the application of the REIT requirements for us. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status, and, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs and the ongoing importance of factual determinations, we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to qualify as a REIT. Changes to rules governing REITs were made by legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”) and the Protecting Americans From Tax Hikes Act of 2015, signed into law on December 22, 2017 and December 18, 2015, respectively, and Congress and the IRS might make further changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult, or impossible, for us to remain qualified as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the statutory savings provisions in order to maintain our REIT status, we would nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and are unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Internal Revenue Code, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates on all of our income. As a taxable corporation, we would not be allowed to take a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income or pass through long-term capital gains to individual shareholders at favorable rates. For tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, we also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes. We would not be able to elect to be taxed as a REIT for four years following the year we first failed to qualify unless the IRS were to grant us relief under certain statutory provisions. If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would have to pay significant income taxes, which would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to our shareholders. This likely would have a significant adverse effect on our earnings and likely would adversely affect the value of our securities. In addition, we would no longer be required to pay any distributions to shareholders. Furthermore, we owned a subsidiary REIT (“PSI”) that was liquidated on December 31, 2018. Prior to liquidation, PSI was independently subject to, and was required to comply with, the same REIT requirements that we must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT, together with all other rules applicable to REITs. If PSI failed to qualify as a REIT during our period of ownership, and certain statutory relief provisions do not apply, as a result of a protective election made jointly by PSI and CubeSmart, PSI will be taxed as a taxable REIT subsidiary. See the section entitled “Taxation of CubeSmart−Requirements for Qualification−Taxable REIT Subsidiaries” in Exhibit 99.1 for more information regarding taxable REIT subsidiaries. Failure of the Operating Partnership (or a subsidiary partnership or joint venture) to be treated as a partnership would have serious adverse consequences to our shareholders. If the IRS were to successfully challenge the tax status of the Operating Partnership or any of its subsidiary partnerships or joint ventures for federal income tax purposes, the Operating Partnership or the affected subsidiary partnership or joint venture would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and the imposition of a corporate tax on the Operating Partnership, a subsidiary partnership, or joint venture would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution from the Operating Partnership to us and ultimately to our shareholders. To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions. As a REIT, we are subject to certain distribution requirements, including the requirement to distribute 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains, which may result in our having to make distributions at a disadvantageous time or to borrow funds at unfavorable rates. Compliance with this requirement may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 19 Table of Contents We will pay some taxes even if we qualify as a REIT, which will reduce the cash available for distribution to our shareholders. Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. For example, we will be subject to income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, including capital gains. Additionally, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. Moreover, if we have net income from “prohibited transactions,” that income will be subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. The determination as to whether a particular sale is a prohibited transaction depends on the facts and circumstances related to that sale. We cannot guarantee that sales of our properties would not be prohibited transactions unless we comply with certain statutory safe-harbor provisions. In addition, any net taxable income earned directly by our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or through entities that are disregarded for federal income tax purposes as entities separate from our taxable REIT subsidiaries, will be subject to federal and possibly state corporate income tax. We have elected to treat some of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. In this regard, several provisions of the laws applicable to REITs and their subsidiaries ensure that a taxable REIT subsidiary will be subject to an appropriate level of federal income taxation. For example, a taxable REIT subsidiary is limited in its ability to deduct certain interest payments made to an affiliated REIT. In addition, the REIT has to pay a 100% penalty tax on some payments that it receives or on some deductions taken by a taxable REIT subsidiary if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT’s customers, and the taxable REIT subsidiary are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. Finally, some state and local jurisdictions may tax some of our income even though as a REIT we are not subject to federal income tax on that income because not all states and localities follow the federal income tax treatment of REITs. To the extent that we and our affiliates are required to pay federal, state, and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our shareholders. We face possible federal, state, and local tax audits. Because we are organized and qualify as a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income taxes, but are subject to certain state and local taxes. Certain entities through which we own real estate either have undergone, or are currently undergoing, tax audits. Although we believe that we have substantial arguments in favor of our positions in the ongoing audits, in some instances there is no controlling precedent or interpretive guidance on the specific point at issue. Collectively, tax deficiency notices received to date from the jurisdictions conducting the ongoing audits have not been material. However, there can be no assurance that future audits will not occur with increased frequency or that the ultimate result of such audits will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Legislative or regulatory tax changes related to REITs could materially and adversely affect our business. At any time, the federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be changed, possibly with retroactive effect. We cannot predict if or when any new federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective or whether any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our shareholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. The TCJA made significant changes to the U.S. federal income tax rules for taxation of individuals and corporations, generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. In addition to reducing corporate and non-corporate tax rates, the TCJA made changes to the number of provisions of the Code that may affect the taxation of REITs and their security holders. While the changes in the TCJA generally appear to be favorable with respect to REITs, certain changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws enacted by the TCJA could have a material and adverse effect on us. For example, certain changes in law pursuant to the TCJA could reduce the relative competitive advantage of operating as a REIT as compared with operating as a C corporation, including by: 20 Table of Contents Most of the changes applicable to individuals are temporary and apply only to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. The TCJA made numerous large and small changes to the tax rules that do not affect REITs directly but may affect our shareholders and may indirectly affect us. Moreover, Congressional leaders have recognized that the process of adopting extensive tax legislation in a short amount of time without hearings and substantial time for review is likely to have led to drafting errors, issues needing clarification and unintended consequences that will have to be reviewed in subsequent tax legislation. At this point, although certain additional guidance has been provided by Treasury and the IRS, it is not clear when Congress will address these issues or when the Internal Revenue Service will issue additional administrative guidance on the changes made in the TCJA. Shareholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the status of the TCJA and any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on investment in our capital stock. Dividends paid by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates provided under current law. Dividends paid by REITs are generally not eligible for the reduced 15% maximum tax rate for dividends paid to individuals (20% for those with taxable income above certain thresholds that are adjusted annually under current law). The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause shareholders who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stock of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends to which more favorable rates apply, which could reduce the value of REIT stocks. Legislation modifies the rules applicable to partnership tax audits. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, requires our Operating Partnership and any subsidiary partnership to pay the hypothetical increase in partner-level taxes (including interest and penalties) resulting from an adjustment of partnership tax items on audit or in other tax proceedings, unless the partnership elects an alternative method under which the taxes resulting from the adjustment (and interest and penalties) are assessed at the partner level. Many uncertainties remain as to the application of these rules, including the application of the alternative method to partners that are REITs, and the impact they will have on us. However, it is possible that partnerships in which we invest may be subject to U.S. federal income tax, interest and penalties in the event of a U.S. federal income tax audit as a result of these law changes. Risks Related to our Debt Financings We face risks related to current debt maturities, including refinancing risk. Certain of our mortgages, bank loans, and unsecured debt (including our senior notes) will have significant outstanding balances on their maturity dates, commonly known as “balloon payments.” We may not have the cash resources available to repay those amounts, and we may have to raise funds for such repayment either through the issuance of equity or debt securities, additional bank borrowings (which may include extension of maturity dates), joint ventures, or asset sales. Furthermore, we are restricted from incurring certain additional indebtedness and making certain other changes to our capital and debt structure under the terms of the senior notes and the indenture governing the senior notes. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt on favorable terms or at all. To the extent we cannot refinance debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms or pay higher interest rates, either of which would have an adverse impact on our financial performance and ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. As a result of our interest rate hedges, swap agreements and other, similar arrangements, we face counterparty risks. We may be exposed to the potential risk of counterparty default or non-payment with respect to interest rate hedges, swap agreements, floors, caps, and other interest rate hedging contracts that we may enter into from time to time, in which event we could suffer a material loss on the value of those agreements. Although these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that we cannot enforce the agreements. There is no assurance that our potential counterparties on these agreements will perform their obligations under such agreements. 21 Table of Contents Financing our future growth plan or refinancing existing debt maturities could be impacted by negative capital market conditions. From time to time, domestic financial markets experience volatility and uncertainty. At times in recent years liquidity has tightened in the domestic financial markets, including the investment grade debt and equity capital markets from which we historically sought financing. Consequently, there is greater uncertainty regarding our ability to access the credit markets in order to attract financing on reasonable terms; there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to issue common or preferred equity securities at a reasonable price. Our ability to finance new acquisitions and refinance future debt maturities could be adversely impacted by our inability to secure permanent financing on reasonable terms, if at all. The terms and covenants relating to our indebtedness could adversely impact our economic performance. Like other real estate companies that incur debt, we are subject to risks associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance outstanding indebtedness at maturity. If our debt cannot be paid, refinanced, or extended at maturity, we may not be able to make distributions to shareholders at expected levels or at all and may not be able to acquire new stores. Failure to make distributions to our shareholders could result in our failure to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Furthermore, an increase in our interest expense could adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions to shareholders. If we do not meet our debt service obligations, any stores securing such indebtedness could be foreclosed on, which would have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and ability to make distributions and, depending on the number of stores foreclosed on, could threaten our continued viability. Our Credit Facility (defined below) contains (and any new or amended facility we may enter into from time to time will likely contain) customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that, among other things, require us to comply with certain liquidity and net worth tests. Our ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is (and any new or amended facility we may enter into from time to time will be) subject to compliance with such financial and other covenants. In the event that we fail to satisfy these covenants, we would be in default under the Credit Facility and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources. Under such circumstances, other sources of debt or equity capital may not be available to us, or may be available only on unattractive terms. Moreover, the presence of such covenants in our credit agreements could cause us to operate our business with a view toward compliance with such covenants, which might not produce optimal returns for shareholders. Similarly, the indenture under which we have issued unsecured senior notes contains customary financial covenants, including limitations on incurrence of additional indebtedness. Increases in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would increase our interest expense, which could adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions to shareholders. Rising interest rates could also restrict our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amounts that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to alter our portfolio promptly in relation to economic or other conditions. Our organizational documents contain no limitation on the amount of debt we may incur. As a result, we may become highly leveraged in the future. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. We could alter the balance between our total outstanding indebtedness and the value of our assets at any time. If we become more highly leveraged, then the resulting increase in debt service could adversely affect our ability to make payments on our outstanding indebtedness and to pay our anticipated distributions and/or the distributions required to maintain our REIT status, and could harm our financial condition. Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect our financial results. As of December 31, 2018, we had $495.5 million of debt outstanding that was indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). On July 27, 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, announced its intention to phase out LIBOR rates by the end of 2021. It is not possible to predict the further effect of the FCA’s announcement, any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined, or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom, the European Union or elsewhere. Such developments may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past, or cease to exist. In addition, any other legal or regulatory changes made by the FCA, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the European Money Markets Institute (formerly Euribor-EBF), the European Commission or any other successor governance or oversight body, or future changes adopted by such body, in the method by which LIBOR is determined or the transition from LIBOR to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in LIBOR, a delay in the publication of LIBOR, and changes in the rules or methodologies in LIBOR, which may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to participate in LIBOR’s determination, and, in certain situations, could result in LIBOR no longer being determined and published. If a published U.S. dollar LIBOR rate is unavailable 22 Table of Contents after 2021, the interest rates on our debt which is indexed to LIBOR will be determined using alternative methods, which may result in interest obligations which are more than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if U.S. dollar LIBOR was available in its current form. Further, the same costs and risks that may lead to the unavailability of U.S. dollar LIBOR may make one or more of the alternative methods impossible or impracticable to determine. Any of these proposals or consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financing costs, and as a result, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Risks Related to our Organization and Structure We are dependent upon our senior management team whose continued service is not guaranteed. Our executive team, including our named executive officers, has extensive self-storage, real estate, and public company experience. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Legal Officer are parties to the Company’s executive severance plan, however, we cannot provide assurance that any of them will remain in our employment. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team could adversely affect our operations and our future growth. We are dependent upon our on-site personnel to maximize customer satisfaction; any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training, and retaining skilled field personnel may adversely affect our rental revenues. As of December 31, 2018, we had 2,485 property-level personnel involved in the management and operation of our stores. The customer service, marketing skills, and knowledge of local market demand and competitive dynamics of our store managers are contributing factors to our ability to maximize our rental income and to achieve the highest sustainable rent levels at each of our stores. We compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel. Competitive pressures may require that we enhance our pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel. If there is an increase in these costs or if we fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our shares or otherwise benefit our shareholders. Certain provisions of Maryland law may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common shares with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of those shares, including: We have opted out of these provisions of Maryland law. However, our Board may opt to make these provisions applicable to us at any time without shareholder approval. Our Trustees also have the discretion, granted in our bylaws and Maryland law, without shareholder approval to, among other things (1) create a staggered Board, (2) amend our bylaws or repeal individual bylaws in a manner that provides the Board with greater authority, and (3) issue additional equity securities. Any such action could inhibit or impede a third party from making a proposal to acquire us at a price that could be beneficial to our shareholders. 23 Table of Contents Our shareholders have limited control to prevent us from making any changes to our investment and financing policies. Our Board has adopted policies with respect to certain activities. These policies may be amended or revised from time to time at the discretion of our Board without a vote of our shareholders. This means that our shareholders have limited control over changes in our policies. Such changes in our policies intended to improve, expand, or diversify our business may not have the anticipated effects and consequently may adversely affect our business and prospects, results of operations, and share price. Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to take action against our Trustees and officers are limited. Maryland law provides that a trustee or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our declaration of trust and bylaws require us to indemnify our Trustees and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities on our behalf, to the extent permitted by Maryland law. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any Trustee or officer impede our performance, our shareholders’ ability to recover damages from that Trustee or officer will be limited. Our declaration of trust permits our Board to issue preferred shares with terms that may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our shares or otherwise benefit our shareholders. Our declaration of trust permits our Board to issue up to 40,000,000 preferred shares, having those preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption as determined by our Board. In addition, our Board may reclassify any unissued common shares into one or more classes or series of preferred shares. Thus, our Board could authorize, without shareholder approval, the issuance of preferred shares with terms and conditions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of some or a majority of our shares might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price of our shares. We currently do not expect that the Board would require shareholder approval prior to such a preferred issuance. In addition, any preferred shares that we issue would rank senior to our common shares with respect to the payment of distributions, in which case we could not pay any distributions on our common shares until full distributions have been paid with respect to such preferred shares. Risks Related to our Securities Additional issuances of equity securities may be dilutive to shareholders. The interests of our shareholders could be diluted if we issue additional equity securities to finance future acquisitions or developments or to repay indebtedness. Our Board may authorize the issuance of additional equity securities, including preferred shares, without shareholder approval. Our ability to execute our business strategy depends upon our access to an appropriate blend of debt financing, including unsecured lines of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured debt, and equity financing, including common and preferred equity. Many factors could have an adverse effect on the market value of our securities. A number of factors might adversely affect the price of our securities, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 24 Table of Contents The market value of our equity securities is based primarily upon the market’s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions. Consequently, our equity securities may trade at prices that are higher or lower than our net asset value per equity security. If our future earnings or cash distributions are less than expected, it is likely that the market price of our equity securities will diminish. The market price of our common shares has been, and may continue to be, particularly volatile, and our shareholders may be unable to resell their shares at a profit. The market price of our common shares has been subject to significant fluctuation and may continue to fluctuate or decline. Between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2018, the closing price per share of our common shares has ranged from a high of $33.30 (on March 31, 2016) to a low of $22.94 (on July 10, 2017). In the past several years, REIT securities have experienced high levels of volatility and significant increases in value from their historic lows. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. If our share price is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources from our business. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 25 Table of Contents ITEM 2. PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2018, we owned 493 self-storage properties that contain approximately 34.6 million rentable square feet and are located in 23 states and the District of Columbia. The following table sets forth summary information regarding our stores by state as of December 31, 2018. We have grown by adding stores to our portfolio through acquisitions and development. The tables set forth below show the average occupancy, annual rent per occupied square foot, and total revenues for our stores owned as of December 31, 2018, and for each of the previous three years, grouped by the year during which we first owned or operated the store. Stores by Year Acquired - Average Occupancy 26 Table of Contents Stores by Year Acquired - Annual Rent Per Occupied Square Foot (2) Stores by Year Acquired - Total Revenues (dollars in thousands) Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures As of December 31, 2018, we held common ownership interests ranging from 10% to 50% in four unconsolidated real estate ventures for an aggregate investment balance of $95.8 million. We formed interests in these real estate ventures with unaffiliated third parties to acquire, own, and operate self-storage properties in select markets. As of December 31, 2018, these four unconsolidated real estate ventures owned 129 self-storage properties that contain an aggregate of approximately 7.7 million net rentable square feet. The self-storage properties owned by these four real estate ventures are managed by us and are located in Texas (37), South Carolina (22), Michigan (17), Massachusetts (13), Tennessee (10), Georgia (7), Florida (6), Connecticut (5), North Carolina (5), Arizona (2), Rhode Island (2), Vermont (2), and Maryland (1). On September 5, 2018, we invested $5.0 million in exchange for 100% of the Class A Preferred Units of Capital Storage Partners, LLC (“Capital Storage”), a newly formed venture that acquired 22 self-storage properties that contain an aggregate of approximately 1.3 million net rentable square feet. The stores owned by Capital Storage are located in Florida (4), Oklahoma (5), and Texas (13). The Class A Preferred Units earn an 11% cumulative dividend prior to any other distributions. Each of these ventures has assets and liabilities that we do not consolidate in our financial statements. We account for our investments in real estate ventures using the equity method when it is determined that we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the venture. See note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further disclosure regarding the assets, liabilities, and operating results of our unconsolidated real estate ventures which we account for using the equity method of accounting. Capital Expenditures We have a capital improvement program that includes office upgrades, adding climate control to selected cubes, construction of parking areas, and other store upgrades. For 2019, we anticipate spending approximately $5.0 million to $10.0 million associated with these capital expenditures. For 2019, we also anticipate spending approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 million on recurring capital expenditures and approximately $30.0 million to $45.0 million on the development of new self-storage properties. 27 Table of Contents ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS To our knowledge, no legal proceedings are pending against us, other than routine actions and administrative proceedings, and other actions not deemed material, and which, in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Repurchase of Parent Company Common and Preferred Shares The following table provides information about repurchases of the Parent Company’s common and preferred shares during the three months ended December 31, 2018: On September 27, 2007, the Parent Company announced that the Board of Trustees approved a share repurchase program for up to 3.0 million of the Parent Company’s outstanding common shares. Unless terminated earlier by resolution of the Board of Trustees, the program will expire when the number of authorized shares has been repurchased. The Parent Company has made no repurchases under this program to date. Market Information for and Holders of Record of Common Shares As of December 31, 2018, there were approximately 131 registered record holders of the Parent Company’s common shares and 13 holders (other than the Parent Company) of the Operating Partnership’s common units. These amounts do not include common shares held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders. The Parent Company’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol CUBE. There is no established trading market for units of the Operating Partnership. Since our initial quarter as a publicly-traded REIT, we have made regular quarterly distributions to our shareholders. Distributions to shareholders are usually taxable as ordinary income, although a portion of the distribution may be designated as capital gain or may constitute a tax-free return of capital. Annually, we provide each of the Parent Company’s common shareholders a statement detailing the tax characterization of dividends paid during the preceding year as ordinary income, capital gain, or return of capital. The characterization of the Parent Company’s dividends for 2018 consisted of a 78.190% ordinary income distribution, a 13.653% capital gain distribution, and an 8.157% return of capital distribution from earnings and profits. We intend to continue to declare quarterly distributions. However, we cannot provide any assurance as to the amount or timing of future distributions. Under our Credit Facility, we are restricted from paying distributions on the Parent Company’s common shares in excess of the greater of (i) 95% of our funds from operations, and (ii) such amount as may be necessary to maintain our REIT status. 28 Table of Contents To the extent that we make distributions in excess of our earnings and profits, as computed for federal income tax purposes, these distributions will represent a return of capital, rather than a dividend, for federal income tax purposes. Distributions that are treated as a return of capital for federal income tax purposes generally will not be taxable as a dividend to a U.S. shareholder, but will reduce the shareholder’s basis in its shares (but not below zero) and therefore can result in the shareholder having a higher gain upon a subsequent sale of such shares. Return of capital distributions in excess of a shareholder’s basis generally will be treated as gain from the sale of such shares for federal income tax purposes. Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Recent Sales of Operating Partnership Unregistered Equity Securities As previously disclosed, on December 7, 2017, the Operating Partnership entered into an agreement to acquire a self-storage property located in Texas for $12.2 million, and agreed to fund a portion of the acquisition price in the form of common units, designated Class B Units. On January 31, 2018, the Operating Partnership closed on the acquisition and funded approximately $4.8 million of the acquisition price through the issuance of 168,011 common units. Following a 13-month lock-up period, the holder may tender the common units for redemption by the Operating Partnership for a cash amount per common unit equal to the market value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Company. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to assume and satisfy the redemption obligation of the Operating Partnership by issuing one common share in exchange for each common unit tendered for redemption. The common units were sold to a single accredited investor unaffiliated with the Company in a private placement transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of such Act. Securities Authorized Under Equity Compensation Plans Other information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 29 Table of Contents Share Performance Graph The SEC requires us to present a chart comparing the cumulative total shareholder return, assuming reinvestment of dividends, on our common shares with the cumulative total shareholder return of (i) a broad equity index and (ii) a published industry or peer group index. The following chart compares the yearly cumulative total shareholder return for our common shares with the cumulative shareholder return of companies on (i) the S&P 500 Index, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index and (iii) the NAREIT All Equity REIT Index as provided by NAREIT for the period beginning December 31, 2013 and ending December 31, 2018. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA CUBESMART The following table sets forth selected financial and operating data on a historical consolidated basis for the Parent Company. The selected historical financial data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2018 are derived from the Parent Company’s consolidated financial statements, which financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the report thereon, are included herein. The selected data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, the related notes, and the independent registered public accounting firm’s report. The other data presented below is not derived from the audited financial statements included herein. 30 Table of Contents The following data should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto of the Parent Company and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included elsewhere in this Report. 31 Table of Contents CUBESMART, L.P. The following table sets forth selected financial and operating data on a historical consolidated basis for the Operating Partnership. The selected historical financial data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2018 are derived from the Operating Partnership’s consolidated financial statements, which financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the report thereon, are included herein. The selected data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, the related notes, and the independent registered public accounting firm’s report. The other data presented below is not derived from the audited financial statements included herein. 32 Table of Contents The following data should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto of the Operating Partnership and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included elsewhere in this Report. 33 Table of Contents 34 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report. Some of the statements we make in this section are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this Report entitled “Forward-Looking Statements”. Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Report entitled “Risk Factors”. Overview We are an integrated self-storage real estate company, and as such we have in-house capabilities in the operation, design, development, leasing, management, and acquisition of self-storage properties. The Parent Company’s operations are conducted solely through the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Parent Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we owned 493 and 484 self-storage properties, respectively, totaling approximately 34.6 million and 33.8 million rentable square feet, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, we owned stores in the District of Columbia and the following 23 states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. In addition, as of December 31, 2018, we managed 593 stores for third parties (including 151 stores containing an aggregate of approximately 9.0 million net rentable square feet as part of five separate unconsolidated real estate ventures), bringing the total number of stores we owned and/or managed to 1,086. As of December 31, 2018, we managed stores for third parties in the District of Columbia and the following 34 states: Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. We derive revenues principally from rents received from customers who rent cubes at our self-storage properties under month-to-month leases. Therefore, our operating results depend materially on our ability to retain our existing customers and lease our available self-storage cubes to new customers while maintaining and, where possible, increasing our pricing levels. In addition, our operating results depend on the ability of our customers to make required rental payments to us. Our approach to the management and operation of our stores combines centralized marketing, revenue management, and other operational support with local operations teams that provide market-level oversight and control. We believe this approach allows us to respond quickly and effectively to changes in local market conditions, and to maximize revenues by managing rental rates and occupancy levels. We typically experience seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of our stores, which are generally slightly higher during the summer months due to increased moving activity. Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending and moving trends, as well as to increased bad debts due to recessionary pressures. Adverse economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to other products and services. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending or shifts in consumer discretionary spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability. We continue our focus on maximizing internal growth opportunities and selectively pursuing targeted acquisitions and developments of self-storage properties. We have one reportable segment: we own, operate, develop, manage, and acquire self-storage properties. Our self-storage properties are located in major metropolitan and suburban areas and have numerous customers per store. No single customer represents a significant concentration of our revenues. Our stores in Florida, New York, Texas, and California provided approximately 17%, 16%, 10%, and 8%, respectively, of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018. Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Set forth below is a summary of the accounting policies and estimates that management believes are critical to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Certain of the accounting policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are particularly important for an understanding of the financial position and results of operations presented in the historical consolidated financial statements included in this Report. A summary of significant accounting policies is also provided in the 35 Table of Contents notes to our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements). These policies require the application of judgment and assumptions by management and, as a result, are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Due to this uncertainty, actual results could differ materially from estimates calculated and utilized by management. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company, and its majority-owned and/or controlled subsidiaries. The portion of these entities not owned by the Company is presented as noncontrolling interests as of and during the periods presented. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When the Company obtains an economic interest in an entity, the Company evaluates the entity to determine if the entity is deemed a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, in accordance with authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) on the consolidation of VIEs. When an entity is not deemed to be a VIE, the Company considers the provisions of additional FASB guidance to determine whether a general partner, or the general partners as a group, controls a limited partnership or similar entity when the limited partners have certain rights. The Company consolidates (i) entities that are VIEs and of which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and (ii) entities that are non-VIEs which the Company controls and in which the limited partners do not have substantive participating rights, or the ability to dissolve the entity or remove the Company without cause. Self-Storage Properties The Company records self-storage properties at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation on the buildings and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from five to 39 years. Expenditures for significant renovations or improvements that extend the useful life of assets are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. When stores are acquired, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. When a portfolio of stores is acquired, the purchase price is allocated to the individual stores based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates, which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual store along with current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. Allocations to the individual assets and liabilities are based upon comparable market sales information for land, buildings and improvements, and estimates of depreciated replacement cost of equipment. In allocating the purchase price for an acquisition, the Company determines whether the acquisition includes intangible assets or liabilities. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to an intangible asset attributable to the value of in-place leases. This intangible asset is generally amortized to expense over the expected remaining term of the respective leases. Substantially all of the leases in place at acquired stores are at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts. Accordingly, to date no portion of the purchase price has been allocated to above- or below-market lease intangibles. To date, no intangible asset has been recorded for the value of customer relationships, because the Company does not have any concentrations of significant customers and the average customer turnover is fairly frequent. Long-lived assets classified as “held for use” are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances such as declines in occupancy and operating results indicate that there may be an impairment. The carrying value of these long-lived assets is compared to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows, plus a terminal value, attributable to the assets to determine if the store’s basis is recoverable. If a store’s basis is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent the net carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the asset. There were no impairment losses recognized in accordance with these procedures during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. The Company considers long-lived assets to be “held for sale” upon satisfaction of the following criteria: (a) management commits to a plan to sell a store (or group of stores), (b) the store is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such stores, (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the store have been initiated, (d) the sale of the store is probable and transfer of the asset is expected to be completed within one year, (e) the store is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Typically these criteria are all met when the relevant asset is under contract, significant non-refundable deposits have been made by the potential buyer, the assets are immediately available for transfer and there are no contingencies related to the sale that may prevent the 36 Table of Contents transaction from closing. However, each potential transaction is evaluated based on its separate facts and circumstances. Stores classified as held for sale are reported at the lesser of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Revenue Recognition Management has determined that all our leases with customers are operating leases. Rental income is recognized in accordance with the terms of the leases, which generally are month to month. Property management fee income is recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. The Company recognizes gains from sale of real estate in accordance with the guidance on transfer of nonfinancial assets. Payments received from purchasers prior to closing are recorded as deposits. Profit on real estate sold is recognized when a valid contract exists, the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured and the control of the property has transferred. Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests are the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. The ownership interests in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent are noncontrolling interests. In accordance with authoritative guidance issued on noncontrolling interests in consolidated financial statements, such noncontrolling interests are reported on the consolidated balance sheets within equity/capital, separately from the Parent Company’s equity/capital. The guidance also requires that noncontrolling interests are adjusted each period so that the carrying value equals the greater of its carrying value based on the accumulation of historical cost or its redemption value. On the consolidated statements of operations, revenues, expenses, and net income or loss from less-than-wholly-owned subsidiaries are reported at the consolidated amounts, including both the amounts attributable to the Parent Company and noncontrolling interests. Presentation of consolidated equity/capital activity is included for both quarterly and annual financial statements, including beginning balances, activity for the period and ending balances for shareholders’ equity/capital, noncontrolling interests, and total equity/capital. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures under the equity method of accounting when it is determined that the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the venture. Under the equity method, investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures are recorded initially at cost, as investments in real estate entities, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings (losses), cash contributions, less distributions and impairments. On a periodic basis, management also assesses whether there are any indicators that the carrying value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated real estate entities may be other than temporarily impaired. An investment is impaired only if the fair value of the investment, as estimated by management, is less than the carrying value of the investment and the decline is other than temporary. To the extent impairment that is other than temporary has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment, as estimated by management. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including but not limited to, discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third party appraisals. There were no impairment losses related to the Company’s investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures recognized during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Income Taxes The Parent Company elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code beginning with the period from October 21, 2004 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2004. In management’s opinion, the requirements to maintain these elections are being met. Accordingly, no provision for federal income taxes has been reflected in the consolidated financial statements other than for operations conducted through our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of distributions to shareholders, differ from net income reported for financial reporting purposes due to differences in cost basis, the estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation, and the allocation of net income and loss for financial versus tax reporting purposes. The Parent Company is subject to a 4% federal excise tax if sufficient taxable income is not distributed within prescribed time limits. The excise tax equals 4% of the annual amount, if any, by which the sum of (a) 85% of the Parent Company’s ordinary income, (b) 95% of the Parent Company’s net capital gains, and (c) 100% of prior year taxable income exceeds cash distributions and certain taxes paid by the Parent Company. 37 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2017-12 – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. The purpose of this updated guidance is to better align a company’s financial reporting for hedging activities with the economic objectives of those activities. The transition guidance provides companies with the option of early adopting the new standard using a modified retrospective transition method in any interim period after issuance of the update, or alternatively requires adoption for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This adoption method will require the Company to recognize the cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance as an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year that the Company adopts the update. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In February 2017, as part of the new revenue standard, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-05 – Other Income – Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance, which focuses on recognizing gains and losses from the transfer of nonfinancial assets in contracts with non-customers. Specifically, the new guidance defines “in substance nonfinancial asset”, unifies guidance related to partial sales of nonfinancial assets, eliminates rules specifically addressing sales of real estate, removes exceptions to the financial asset derecognition model, and clarifies the accounting for contributions of nonfinancial assets to joint ventures. The new guidance became effective on January 1, 2018 when the Company adopted the new revenue standard. Upon adoption, the majority of the Company’s sale transactions are now treated as dispositions of nonfinancial assets rather than dispositions of a business given the FASB’s recently revised definition of a business (see ASU No. 2017-01 below). Additionally, in partial sale transactions where the Company sells a controlling interest in real estate but retains a noncontrolling interest, the Company will now fully recognize a gain or loss on the fair value measurement of the retained interest as the new guidance eliminates the partial profit recognition model. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01 - Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which changes the definition of a business to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. A framework is provided to evaluate when an input and a substantive process are present. The new guidance also narrows the definition of outputs, which are defined as the results of inputs and substantive processes that provide goods or services to customers, other revenue, or investment income. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018. Upon adoption of the new guidance, the majority of the Company’s future property acquisitions will now be considered asset acquisitions, resulting in the capitalization of acquisition related costs incurred in connection with these transactions and the allocation of purchase price and acquisition related costs to the assets acquired based on their relative fair values. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18 - Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash, which requires the statement of cash flows to explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The new guidance also requires entities to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018 and requires the use of the retrospective transition method. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements as the update primarily relates to financial statement presentation and disclosures. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15 – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The eight items that the ASU provides classification guidance on include (1) debt prepayment and extinguishment costs, (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, (6) distributions received from equity method investments, (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018 and requires the use of the retrospective transition method. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements as the update primarily relates to financial statement presentation and disclosures. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 - Leases (Topic 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either financing or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use 38 Table of Contents asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2019, the date it became effective for public companies, using the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption, the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted within the standard, which among other things, allows for the carryforward of historical lease classification. In addition, the Company elected the practical expedient that allows reporting entities to use hindsight to determine the lease term for existing leases. The Company expects to record lease liabilities of approximately $55.0 million and right-of-use assets of approximately $50.0 million, primarily related to the Company’s ten ground leases in which it serves as lessee. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new guidance outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The new guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which amends ASU No. 2014-09 and is intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders. ASU No. 2016-12 provides practical expedients on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax and contract modifications and completed contracts in transition. Both standards became effective on January 1, 2018. The Company finalized the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 and ASU No. 2016-12 on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and adopted the standards using the modified retrospective transition method. The standards did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated statements of financial position or results of operations primarily because most of its revenue is derived from lease contracts, which are excluded from the scope of the new guidance. The Company’s insurance fee revenue, property management fee revenue, and merchandise sale revenue are included in the scope of the new guidance, however, the Company identified similar performance obligations under this standard as compared with deliverables and separate units of account identified under its previous revenue recognition methodology. Accordingly, revenue recognized under the new guidance does not differ materially from revenue recognized under previous guidance and there is no material prior year impact. Results of Operations The following discussion of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto. Historical results set forth in the consolidated statements of operations reflect only the existing stores for each period presented and should not be taken as indicative of future operations. We consider our same-store portfolio to consist of only those stores owned and operated on a stabilized basis at the beginning and at the end of the applicable years presented. We consider a store to be stabilized once it has achieved an occupancy rate that we believe, based on our assessment of market-specific data, is representative of similar self-storage assets in the applicable market for a full year measured as of the most recent January 1 and has not been significantly damaged by natural disaster or undergone significant renovation. We believe that same-store results are useful to investors in evaluating our performance because they provide information relating to changes in store-level operating performance without taking into account the effects of acquisitions, developments or dispositions. As of December 31, 2018, we owned 456 same-store properties and 37 non same-store properties. All of the non same-store properties were 2017 and 2018 acquisitions, dispositions, developed stores, stores with a significant portion of net rentable square footage taken out of service, or stores that have not yet reached stabilization as defined above. For analytical presentation, all percentages are calculated using the numbers presented in the financial statements contained in this Report. The comparability of our results of operations is affected by the timing of acquisition and disposition activities during the periods reported. As of December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we owned 493, 484, and 475 self-storage properties and related assets, respectively. 39 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the change in number of owned stores from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018: 40 Table of Contents Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2018 to the Year Ended December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands) Revenues Rental income increased from $489.0 million during 2017 to $517.5 million during 2018, an increase of $28.5 million, or 5.8%. The increase in same-store rental income was primarily due to higher rental rates. Realized annual rent per square foot on our same-store portfolio increased 3.6% as a result of higher rates for new and existing customers during 2018 as compared to 2017. The remaining increase is primarily attributable to $13.2 million of additional income from the stores acquired in 2017 and 2018 included in our non same-store portfolio. Other property related income increased from $55.0 million in 2017 to $60.2 million in 2018, an increase of $5.2 million, or 9.4%. The $1.8 million increase in same-store other property related income is mainly attributable to increased customer insurance participation. The remainder of the increase is attributable to $1.4 million of additional other property related income derived from the stores acquired or opened in 2017 and 2018 included in our non same-store portfolio and $1.9 million resulting primarily from increased customer insurance participation at our managed stores. Property management fee income increased from $14.9 million during 2017 to $20.3 million during 2018, an increase of $5.4 million, or 35.9%. This increase is attributable to an increase in management fees related to the third-party management business resulting from more stores under management and higher revenue at managed stores (593 stores as of December 31, 2018 compared to 452 stores as of December 31, 2017). Operating Expenses Property operating expenses increased from $181.5 million in 2017 to $196.9 million in 2018, an increase of $15.4 million, or 8.5%. This increase was primarily attributable to a $5.2 million increase in costs associated with the growth in our third-party management program as well as system enhancements, a $5.1 million increase in property operating expenses on the same-store portfolio primarily due to higher property taxes, payroll, and snow removal expenses, and $5.0 million of increased expenses associated with newly acquired or developed stores. 41 Table of Contents Depreciation and amortization decreased from $145.7 million in 2017 to $143.4 million in 2018, a decrease of $2.3 million, or 1.6%. This decrease is primarily attributable to five-year assets acquired as part of the Company’s property acquisitions in 2012 that became fully depreciated during 2017. General and administrative expenses increased from $34.7 million in 2017 to $37.7 million in 2018, an increase of $3.0 million, or 8.5%. The change is primarily attributable to increased professional fees, a charge associated with the settlement of a legal action, and payroll expenses resulting from additional employee headcount to support our growth. Acquisition related costs decreased $1.3 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 to the year ended December 31, 2018 as a result of the Company’s adoption of ASU 2017-01 on January 1, 2018 (see note 2), which now categorizes the majority of our property acquisitions as asset acquisitions, resulting in the capitalization of acquisition related costs. Other (expense) income Interest expense on loans increased from $57.0 million in 2017 to $62.1 million in 2018, an increase of $5.2 million, or 9.1%. The increase is primarily attributable to a higher amount of outstanding debt during 2018 as compared to 2017, and higher interest rates during 2018. The average debt balance increased to $1.7 billion during 2018 as compared to $1.6 billion during 2017 as the result of borrowings to fund a portion of the Company’s acquisition activity. The weighted average effective interest rate on our outstanding debt increased from 3.79% during 2017 to 3.93% during 2018. Gains from sale of real estate, net were $10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, with no comparable gains during the year ended December 31, 2017. These gains are determined on a transactional basis and, accordingly, are not comparable across reporting periods. 42 Table of Contents Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2017 to the Year Ended December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands) Revenues Rental income increased from $449.6 million during 2016 to $489.0 million during 2017, an increase of $39.4 million, or 8.8%. The increase in same-store rental income was primarily due to an increase in average occupancy of 20 basis points and higher rental rates. Realized annual rent per square foot on our same-store portfolio increased 4.3% as a result of higher rates for new and existing customers during 2017 as compared to 2016. The remaining increase is primarily attributable to $20.1 million of additional income from the stores acquired in 2016 and 2017 included in our non same-store portfolio. Other property related income increased from $50.3 million in 2016 to $55.0 million in 2017, an increase of $4.7 million, or 9.4%. The $1.4 million increase in same-store other property related income is mainly attributable to increased customer insurance participation and higher average occupancy. The remainder of the increase is attributable to other property related income derived from the stores acquired or opened in 2016 and 2017 included in our non same-store portfolio. Property management fee income increased from $10.2 million during 2016 to $14.9 million during 2017, an increase of $4.7 million, or 46.3%. This increase is attributable to an increase in management fees related to the third-party management business resulting from more stores under management and higher revenue at managed stores (452 stores as of December 31, 2017 compared to 316 stores as of December 31, 2016). Operating Expenses Property operating expenses increased from $165.8 million in 2016 to $181.5 million in 2017, an increase of $15.7 million, or 9.4%, which is primarily attributable to $7.0 million of increased expenses associated with newly acquired stores, a $3.7 million increase in property operating expenses on the same-store portfolio, primarily due to higher property tax expenses, and $0.9 million related to hurricane damage, net of expected insurance proceeds. 43 Table of Contents Depreciation and amortization decreased from $161.9 million in 2016 to $145.7 million in 2017, a decrease of $16.2 million, or 10.0%. This decrease is primarily attributable to five-year assets acquired as part of the Company’s property acquisitions in 2011 and 2012 that became fully depreciated during 2016 and 2017. General and administrative expenses increased from $32.8 million in 2016 to $34.7 million in 2017, an increase of $1.9 million, or 5.9%. The change is primarily attributable to increased professional fees and payroll expenses resulting from additional employee headcount to support our growth. Acquisition related costs decreased from $6.6 million during 2016 to $1.3 million during 2017, a decrease of $5.3 million, or 80.3%. Acquisition-related costs are non-recurring and fluctuate based on periodic investment activity. Other (expense) income Interest expense on loans increased from $50.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 to $57.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $6.6 million, or 13.0%. The increase is primarily attributable to a higher amount of outstanding debt during 2017 as compared to 2016, partially offset by lower interest rates during 2017. The average debt balance increased $199.4 million to $1.6 billion during 2017 as compared to $1.4 billion during 2016 as the result of borrowings to fund a portion of the Company’s acquisition activity. The weighted average effective interest rate on our outstanding debt decreased from 3.82% during 2016 to 3.79% during 2017. Equity in losses of real estate ventures fluctuated from a loss of $2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 to a loss of $1.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, a change of $1.3 million, or 47.9%. The change is mainly driven by our share of the losses attributable to HVP III , a real estate venture in which we own a 10% interest. The loss incurred in 2016 was primarily the result of amortization expense associated with the in-place lease intangible that was recorded in connection with HVP III ’s acquisition of 68 properties during 2015 and 2016. These assets became fully amortized during 2016 and 2017. Non-GAAP Financial Measures NOI We define net operating income, which we refer to as NOI, as total continuing revenues less continuing property operating expenses. NOI also can be calculated by adding back to net income (loss): interest expense on loans, loan procurement amortization expense, loan procurement amortization expense — early repayment of debt, acquisition related costs, equity in losses of real estate ventures, other expense, depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expense, and deducting from net income (loss): gains from sale of real estate, net, income from discontinued operations, gains from disposition of discontinued operations, other income, gains from remeasurement of investments in real estate ventures and interest income. NOI is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. We use NOI as a measure of operating performance at each of our stores, and for all of our stores in the aggregate. NOI should not be considered as a substitute for net income, cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities, or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. We believe NOI is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because: There are material limitations to using a measure such as NOI, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our 44 Table of Contents net income. We compensate for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with our analysis of net income. NOI should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP, such as total revenues and net income. FFO Funds from operations (“FFO”) is a widely used performance measure for real estate companies and is provided here as a supplemental measure of operating performance. The April 2002 National Policy Bulletin of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, as amended, defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and related impairment charges, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Management uses FFO as a key performance indicator in evaluating the operations of our stores. Given the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, we consider FFO a key measure of our operating performance that is not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We believe that FFO is useful to management and investors as a starting point in measuring our operational performance because FFO excludes various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance such as gains (or losses) from sales of real estate, gains from remeasurement of investments in real estate ventures, impairments of depreciable assets, and depreciation, which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating performance more difficult. Our computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies. FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of our performance. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and is not a measure of liquidity or an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO should be compared with our reported net income and considered in addition to cash flows computed in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. FFO, as adjusted FFO, as adjusted represents FFO as defined above, excluding the effects of acquisition related costs, gains or losses from early extinguishment of debt, and non-recurring items, which we believe are not indicative of the Company’s operating results. We present FFO, as adjusted because we believe it is a helpful measure in understanding our results of operations insofar as we believe that the items noted above that are included in FFO, but excluded from FFO, as adjusted are not indicative of our ongoing operating results. We also believe that the analyst community considers our FFO, as adjusted (or similar measures using different terminology) when evaluating us. Because other REITs or real estate companies may not compute FFO, as adjusted in the same manner as we do, and may use different terminology, our computation of FFO, as adjusted may not be comparable to FFO, as adjusted reported by other REITs or real estate companies. 45 Table of Contents The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to FFO and FFO, as adjusted, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): Cash Flows Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2018 to the Year Ended December 31, 2017 A comparison of cash flow related to operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows: Cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was $304.3 million and $291.9 million, respectively, reflecting an increase of $12.4 million. Our increased cash flow from operating activities is primarily attributable to our 2017 and 2018 acquisitions and increased net operating income levels on the same-store portfolio in the 2018 period as compared to the 2017 period. Cash used in investing activities increased from $150.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $322.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, reflecting an increase of $172.0 million. The change was primarily driven by an increase in cash used for the acquisition of storage properties. Cash used during the year ended December 31, 2018 related to the acquisition of ten stores for an aggregate purchase price of $227.5 million, inclusive of $7.2 million of assumed debt and $4.8 million of OP units issued, while cash used 46 Table of Contents during the year ended December 31, 2017 related to the acquisition of seven stores for an aggregate purchase price of $80.7 million, inclusive of $6.2 million of assumed debt and $12.3 million of OP units issued. The change was also driven by an $18.9 million increase in our investment in real estate ventures primarily due to $14.1 million used to fund the acquisition of twelve properties during 2018 by HVP IV and $5.0 million to fund our preferred investment in Capital Storage (see note 2). The remainder of the increase was primarily due to a $17.2 million increase in development costs resulting from the acquisition of the noncontrolling interest in a previously consolidated joint venture offset by a $16.4 million increase in proceeds received from the sale of two stores during 2018 with no property sales in the 2017 period. Cash provided by financing activities was $15.2 million in 2018 compared to cash used in financing activities of $143.3 million in 2017, a change of $158.6 million. This change was primarily the result of a $75.4 million net increase in revolving credit facility borrowings and a $102.2 million increase in proceeds received from the issuance of common shares during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. These cash inflows were offset by a $26.4 million increase in cash distributions paid to common shareholders and noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, resulting from the increase in the common dividend per share and number of shares outstanding. Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2017 to the Year Ended December 31, 2016 A comparison of cash flow related to operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows: Cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was $291.9 million and $263.3 million, respectively, reflecting an increase of $28.6 million. Our increased cash flow from operating activities is primarily attributable to our 2016 and 2017 acquisitions and increased net operating income levels on the same-store portfolio in the 2017 period as compared to the 2016 period. Cash used in investing activities was $150.3 million in 2017 and $559.3 million in 2016, a decrease of $409.0 million driven by a decrease in cash used for acquisitions of self-storage properties. Cash used during 2017 related to the acquisition of seven stores for an aggregate purchase price of $80.7 million, inclusive of $6.2 million of assumed debt and $12.3 million of OP units issued, while cash used in investing activities during 2016 related to the acquisition of 28 stores for an aggregate purchase price of $403.6 million, inclusive of $6.5 million of assumed debt. The change is also driven by a decrease in cash used for development costs resulting from the acquisition of a development property by a consolidated joint venture for $67.2 million, inclusive of $35.0 million of assumed debt, during 2016. Cash used in financing activities was $143.3 million in 2017 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $219.4 million in 2016, a change of $362.7 million. The change is primarily a result of $298.5 million of net proceeds from our issuance of unsecured senior notes in August 2016 compared to $103.2 million of net proceeds from our issuance of unsecured senior notes in April 2017. There was also a $106.5 million decrease in proceeds received from the issuance and sale of common shares from 2016 to 2017 and a $100.0 million term loan repayment during April 2017 with no comparable repayment in the prior year. We also paid $77.6 million to redeem our 7.75% Series A Preferred shares in November 2016 with no similar transaction in 2017. Additionally, cash distributions paid to common shareholders, preferred shareholders, and noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership increased $39.6 million from 2016 to 2017, resulting primarily from the increase in the common dividend per share and number of shares outstanding. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Overview Our cash flow from operations has historically been one of our primary sources of liquidity used to fund debt service, distributions and capital expenditures. We derive substantially all of our revenue from customers who lease space from us at our stores and fees earned from managing stores. Therefore, our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent on the rents that we are able to charge and collect from our customers. We believe that the properties in which we invest, self-storage properties, are less sensitive than other real 47 Table of Contents estate product types to near-term economic downturns. However, prolonged economic downturns will adversely affect our cash flows from operations. In order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Parent Company is required to distribute at least 90% of REIT taxable income, excluding capital gains, to its shareholders on an annual basis or pay federal income tax. The nature of our business, coupled with the requirement that we distribute a substantial portion of our income on an annual basis, will cause us to have substantial liquidity needs over both the short term and the long term. Our short-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay operating expenses associated with our stores, refinancing of certain mortgage indebtedness, interest expense and scheduled principal payments on debt, expected distributions to limited partners and shareholders, capital expenditures, and the development of new stores. These funding requirements will vary from year to year, in some cases significantly. In the 2019 fiscal year, we expect recurring capital expenditures to be approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 million, planned capital improvements and store upgrades to be approximately $5.0 million to $10.0 million and costs associated with the development of new stores to be approximately $30.0 million to $45.0 million. After giving effect to the subsequent repayment of the $200.0 million outstanding indebtedness under the term loan portion of our Credit Facility in January 2019 (see “Recent Developments”) , as of December 31, 2018, our remaining scheduled principal payments on debt are approximately $11.7 million in 2019. Our most restrictive financial covenants limit the amount of additional leverage we can add; however, we believe cash flows from operations, access to equity financing, including through our “at-the-market” equity program, and available borrowings under our Credit Facility provide adequate sources of liquidity to enable us to execute our current business plan and remain in compliance with our covenants. Our liquidity needs beyond 2019 consist primarily of contractual obligations which include repayments of indebtedness at maturity, as well as potential discretionary expenditures such as (i) non-recurring capital expenditures; (ii) redevelopment of operating stores; (iii) acquisitions of additional stores; and (iv) development of new stores. We will have to satisfy the portion of our needs not covered by cash flow from operations through additional borrowings, including borrowings under our Credit Facility, sales of common or preferred shares of the Parent Company and common or preferred units of the Operating Partnership and/or cash generated through store dispositions and joint venture transactions. We believe that, as a publicly traded REIT, we will have access to multiple sources of capital to fund our long-term liquidity requirements, including the incurrence of additional debt and the issuance of additional equity. However, we cannot provide any assurance that this will be the case. Our ability to incur additional debt will be dependent on a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our unencumbered assets and borrowing restrictions that may be imposed by lenders. In addition, dislocation in the United States debt markets may significantly reduce the availability and increase the cost of long-term debt capital, including conventional mortgage financing and commercial mortgage-backed securities financing. There can be no assurance that such capital will be readily available in the future. Our ability to access the equity capital markets will be dependent on a number of factors as well, including general market conditions for REITs and market perceptions about us. As of December 31, 2018, we had approximately $3.8 million in available cash and cash equivalents. In addition, we had approximately $303.8 million of availability for borrowings under our Credit Facility. Unsecured Senior Notes Our unsecured senior notes are summarized as follows (collectively referred to as the “Senior Notes”): 48 Table of Contents The indenture under which the Senior Notes were issued restricts the ability of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries to incur debt unless the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a leverage ratio not to exceed 60% and an interest coverage ratio of more than 1.5:1 after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also restricts the ability of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries to incur secured debt unless the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 40% after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also contains other financial and customary covenants, including a covenant not to own unencumbered assets with a value less than 150% of the unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, the Operating Partnership was in compliance with all of the financial covenants under the Senior Notes. Revolving Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans On December 9, 2011, we entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Facility”), which was subsequently amended on April 5, 2012, June 18, 2013, and April 22, 2015 to provide for, amongst other things, a $500.0 million unsecured revolving facility (the “Revolver”) with a maturity date of April 22, 2020. Pricing on the Revolver is dependent on our unsecured debt credit ratings. At our current Baa2/BBB level, amounts drawn under the Revolver are priced at 1.25% over LIBOR, inclusive of a facility fee of 0.15%. As of December 31, 2018, $303.8 million was available for borrowing under the Revolver. The available balance under the Revolver is reduced by an outstanding letter of credit of $0.7 million. As of December 31, 2018, we also had a $200.0 million unsecured term loan outstanding under the Credit Facility, which is included in the table below. On June 20, 2011, we entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the “Term Loan Facility”), which was subsequently amended on June 18, 2013 and August 5, 2014, consisting of a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a five-year maturity and a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a seven-year maturity. On April 6, 2017, we used the net proceeds from the issuance of $50.0 million of our 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 and $50.0 million of our 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 to repay all of the outstanding indebtedness under our five-year $100.0 million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in June 2018. Our unsecured term loans under the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility are summarized below: 49 Table of Contents The Term Loan Facility and the unsecured term loan under the Credit Facility were fully drawn as of December 31, 2018 and no further borrowings may be made under the term loans. Our ability to borrow under the Revolver is subject to ongoing compliance with certain financial covenants which include: Further, under the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility, we are restricted from paying distributions on the Parent Company’s common shares in excess of the greater of (i) 95% of funds from operations, and (ii) such amount as may be necessary to maintain the Parent Company’s REIT status. As of December 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our financial covenants and we anticipate being in compliance with all of our financial covenants through the terms of the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility. Issuance of Common Shares We maintain an at-the-market equity program that enables us to offer and sell up to 50.0 million common shares through sales agents pursuant to equity distribution agreements (the “Equity Distribution Agreements”). Our sales activity under the program for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 is summarized below: We used proceeds from sales of common shares under the program during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 to fund acquisitions of storage properties and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, 10.5 million common shares, 4.7 million common shares, and 5.8 million common shares, respectively, remained available for issuance under the Equity Distribution Agreements. Redemption of Preferred Shares On November 2, 2016, we completed the redemption of all of our 3,100,000 outstanding shares of 7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares at a cash redemption price of $25.00 per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends. The redemption price of $77.5 million was paid by the Company from available cash balances. In connection with the redemption, we recognized a charge of $2.9 million related to excess redemption costs over the original net proceeds. Recent Developments On January 30, 2019, the Operating Partnership issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due February 15, 2029 which bear interest at a rate of 4.375% per annum (the “2029 Notes”). The 2029 Notes were priced at 99.356% of the principal amount to yield 4.455% to maturity. Net proceeds from the offering of $345.5 million were used to repay all of the outstanding indebtedness under our $200.0 million unsecured term loan portion of the Credit Facility that was scheduled to mature in January 2019. The remaining proceeds from the offering were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Revolver. 50 Table of Contents Other Material Changes in Financial Position Storage properties, net of accumulated depreciation, increased $192.2 million primarily as a result of the acquisition of ten storage properties, additions and improvements to storage properties, and development costs incurred during the year. Other assets, net increased $14.2 million primarily due to a $6.4 million net increase in our in-place lease intangibles resulting from the acquisition of nine operating storage properties during the year. The increase is also a result of our $5.0 million investment made in exchange for 100% of the Class A Preferred Units of Capital Storage Partners, LLC, a newly formed venture that acquired 22 storage properties located in Florida (4), Oklahoma (5), and Texas (13) (see note 2). Revolving credit facility increased $113.8 million primarily as a result of borrowings used to fund the acquisition of ten storage properties, additions and improvements to storage properties, and development costs incurred during the year. Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our known contractual obligations as of December 31, 2018 (in thousands): Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with other unconsolidated entities (other than our co-investment partnerships) or other persons, also known as variable interest entities not previously discussed. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Our future income, cash flows, and fair values relevant to financial instruments depend upon prevailing market interest rates. 51 Table of Contents Market Risk Our investment policy relating to cash and cash equivalents is to preserve principal and liquidity while maximizing the return through investment of available funds. Effect of Changes in Interest Rates on our Outstanding Debt Our interest rate risk objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we manage our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates for a portion of our borrowings through the use of derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps or caps to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument or to effectively lock the interest rate on a portion of our variable rate debt. The analysis below presents the sensitivity of the market value of our financial instruments to selected changes in market interest rates. The range of changes chosen reflects our view of changes which are reasonably possible over a one-year period. Market values are the present value of projected future cash flows based on the market interest rates chosen. As of December 31, 2018 our consolidated debt consisted of $1.3 billion of outstanding mortgages and unsecured senior notes that are subject to fixed rates. Additionally, as of December 31, 2018, there were $195.5 million and $300.0 million of outstanding credit facility and unsecured term loan borrowings, respectively, subject to floating rates. Changes in market interest rates have different impacts on the fixed and variable rate portions of our debt portfolio. A change in market interest rates on the fixed portion of the debt portfolio impacts the net financial instrument position, but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in market interest rates on the variable portion of the debt portfolio impacts the interest incurred and cash flows, but does not impact the net financial instrument position. If market interest rates on our variable rate debt increase by 100 basis points, the increase in annual interest expense on our variable rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $5.0 million a year. If market rates on our variable rate debt decrease by 100 basis points, the decrease in interest expense on our variable rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $5.0 million a year. If market interest rates increase by 100 basis points, the fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate mortgage debt, unsecured senior notes, and unsecured term loans would decrease by approximately $60.7 million. If market interest rates decrease by 100 basis points, the fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate mortgage debt, unsecured senior notes, and unsecured term loans would increase by approximately $65.0 million. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Financial statements required by this item appear with an Index to Financial Statements and Schedules, starting on page F-1 of this Report. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Controls and Procedures (Parent Company) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Parent Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Parent Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Parent Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Parent Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is 52 Table of Contents accumulated and communicated to the Parent Company’s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There has been no change in the Parent Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting of the Parent Company is set forth on page F-2 of this Report, and is incorporated herein by reference. The effectiveness of the Parent Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. Controls and Procedures (Operating Partnership) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Operating Partnership’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Operating Partnership’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Operating Partnership’s management, including the Operating Partnership’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There has been no change in the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting of the Operating Partnership is set forth on page F-3 of this Report, and is incorporated herein by reference. The effectiveness of the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We have adopted a Code of Ethics for all of our employees, officers and trustees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, which is available on our website at www.cubesmart.com. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics on our website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 53 Table of Contents The remaining information required by this item regarding trustees, executive officers and corporate governance is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Shareholders Meeting to be held in 2019 (the “Proxy Statement”) under the captions “Proposal 1: Election of Trustees,” “Executive Officers,” “Meetings and Committees of the Board of Trustees,” and “Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2019 Annual Meeting.” The information required by this item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.” ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement under the captions “Compensation Committee Report,” “Meetings and Committees of the Board of Trustees Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation,” “Severance Plan and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control,” and “Trustee Compensation.” ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2018. The information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement under the caption “Security Ownership of Management” and “Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners.” ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND TRUSTEE INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement under the captions “Corporate Governance - Independence of Trustees,” “Policies and Procedures Regarding Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions With Related Persons,” and “Transactions With Related Persons.” ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Parent Company’s Proxy Statement under the captions “Audit Committee Matters - Fees Paid to Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and “- Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures.” PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements. The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 54 Table of Contents 2. Financial Statement Schedules. The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 3. Exhibits. The list of exhibits filed with this Report is set forth in response to Item 15(b). The required exhibit index has been filed with the exhibits. (b) Exhibits. The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: 55 Table of Contents ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 56 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 22, 2019 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 57 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON CUBESMART INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of CubeSmart (the “REIT”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the REIT’s management is required to assess the effectiveness of the REIT’s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and report on the basis of that assessment whether the REIT’s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The REIT’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The REIT’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal control system may vary over time. Under the supervision, and with the participation, of the REIT’s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted a review, evaluation, and assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In performing its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2018, the REIT’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the COSO framework. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that appears herein. February 22, 2019 F-2 MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON CUBESMART, L.P. INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of CubeSmart, L.P. (the “Partnership”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Partnership’s management is required to assess the effectiveness of the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and report on the basis of that assessment whether the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal control system may vary over time. Under the supervision, and with the participation, of the Partnership’s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted a review, evaluation, and assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In performing its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2018, the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the COSO framework. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that appears herein. February 22, 2019 F-3 Report of Independent Registere d Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of CubeSmart: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CubeSmart and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2009. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2019 F-4 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Partners of CubeSmart, L.P.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CubeSmart, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2009. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2019 F-5 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of CubeSmart: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited CubeSmart and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on CubeSmart Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2019 F-6 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Partners of CubeSmart, L.P.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited CubeSmart, L.P. and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on CubeSmart, L.P. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2019 F-7 CUBESMART AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S (in thousands, except share data) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-8 CUBESMART AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S (in thousands, except per share data) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-9 CUBESMART AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS ) (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-10 CUBESMART AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUIT Y (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-11 CUBESMART AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-12 CUBESMART, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-13 CUBESMART, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per common unit data) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-14 CUBESMART, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMP REHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-15 CUBESMART, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-16 CUBESMART, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-17 CUBESMART AND CUBESMART L.P. NOT ES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS CubeSmart (the “Parent Company”) operates as a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (“REIT”) with its operations conducted solely through CubeSmart, L.P. and its subsidiaries. CubeSmart, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Operating Partnership”), operates through an umbrella partnership structure, with the Parent Company, a Maryland REIT, as its sole general partner. In the notes to the consolidated financial statements, we use the terms the “Company”, “we”, or “our” to refer to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership together, unless the context indicates otherwise. As of December 31, 2018, the Company owned self-storage properties located in 23 states throughout the United States and in the District of Columbia which are presented under one reportable segment: the Company owns, operates, develops, manages, and acquires self-storage properties. As of December 31, 2018, the Parent Company owned approximately 99.0% of the partnership interests (“OP Units”) of the Operating Partnership. The remaining OP Units, consisting exclusively of limited partner interests, are held by persons who contributed their interests in properties to us in exchange for OP Units. Under the partnership agreement, these persons have the right to tender their OP Units for redemption to the Operating Partnership at any time following a specified restricted period for cash equal to the fair value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Parent Company. In lieu of delivering cash, however, the Parent Company, as the Operating Partnership’s general partner, may, at its option, choose to acquire any OP Units so tendered by issuing common shares in exchange for the tendered OP Units. If the Parent Company so chooses, its common shares will be exchanged for OP Units on a one-for-one basis. This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to adjustment to prevent dilution. With each such exchange or redemption, the Parent Company’s percentage ownership in the Operating Partnership will increase. In addition, whenever the Parent Company issues common or other classes of its shares, it contributes the net proceeds it receives from the issuance to the Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnership issues to the Parent Company an equal number of OP Units or other partnership interests having preferences and rights that mirror the preferences and rights of the shares issued. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT or “UPREIT”. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company, and its majority-owned and/or controlled subsidiaries. The portion of these entities not owned by the Company is presented as noncontrolling interests as of and during the periods consolidated. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When the Company obtains an economic interest in an entity, the Company evaluates the entity to determine if the entity is deemed a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, in accordance with authoritative guidance issued on the consolidation of VIEs. When an entity is not deemed to be a VIE, the Company considers the provisions of additional guidance to determine whether a general partner, or the general partners as a group, controls a limited partnership or similar entity when the limited partners have certain rights. The Company consolidates (i) entities that are VIEs and of which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, and (ii) entities that are non-VIEs which the Company controls and which the limited partners do not have the ability to dissolve or remove the Company without cause nor substantive participating rights. The Company adopted Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) No. 2015-02, Consolidation – Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, as of January 1, 2016. The Company evaluated the application of this guidance and concluded that there were no changes to any previous conclusions with respect to consolidation accounting for any of its interests in less than wholly owned joint ventures. However, the Operating Partnership now meets the criteria as a VIE. The Parent Company’s sole significant asset is its investment in the Operating Partnership. As a result, substantially all of the Parent Company’s assets and liabilities represent those assets and liabilities of the Operating Partnership. All of the Parent Company’s debt is an obligation of the Operating Partnership. Noncontrolling Interests The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued authoritative guidance regarding noncontrolling interests in consolidated financial statements which was effective on January 1, 2009. The guidance states that noncontrolling interests are the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. The ownership interests in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent are noncontrolling interests. Under the guidance, such noncontrolling interests are reported on the consolidated balance sheets within equity, separately from the Company’s equity. On the consolidated statements of operations, revenues, F-18 expenses, and net income or loss from controlled or consolidated entities that are less than wholly owned are reported at the consolidated amounts, including both the amounts attributable to the Company and noncontrolling interests. Presentation of consolidated equity activity is included for both quarterly and annual financial statements, including beginning balances, activity for the period, and ending balances for shareholders’ equity, noncontrolling interests and total equity. However, per the FASB issued authoritative guidance on the classification and measurement of redeemable securities, securities that are redeemable for cash or other assets at the option of the holder, not solely within the control of the issuer, must be classified outside of permanent equity. This would result in certain outside ownership interests being included as redeemable noncontrolling interests outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company makes this determination based on terms in applicable agreements, specifically in relation to redemption provisions. Additionally, with respect to noncontrolling interests for which the Company has a choice to settle the contract by delivery of its own shares, the Company considered the FASB issued guidance on accounting for derivative financial instruments indexed to, and potentially settled in, a Company’s own stock to evaluate whether the Company controls the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under share settlement of the contract. The guidance also requires that noncontrolling interests are adjusted each period so that the carrying value equals the greater of its carrying value based on the accumulation of historical cost or its redemption fair value. The consolidated results of the Company include results attributable to units of the Operating Partnership that are not owned by the Company. These interests were issued in the form of OP units and were a component of the consideration the Company paid to acquire certain self-storage properties. Limited partners who acquired OP units have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem part or all of their OP units for, at the Company’s option, an equivalent number of common shares of the Company or cash based upon the fair value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Company. However, the operating agreement contains certain circumstances that could result in a net cash settlement outside the control of the Company, as the Company does not have the ability to settle in unregistered shares. Accordingly, consistent with the guidance discussed above, the Company will continue to record these noncontrolling interests outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Net income or loss related to these noncontrolling interests is excluded from net income or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has adjusted the carrying value of its noncontrolling interests subject to redemption value to the extent applicable. Based on the Company’s evaluation of the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests, the Operating Partnership reflected these interests at their redemption value as of December 31, 2018, as the estimated redemption value exceeded their carrying value. The Operating Partnership recorded an increase to OP Units owned by third parties and a corresponding decrease to capital of $0.3 million as of December 31, 2018. Disclosure of such redemption provisions is provided in note 12. Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Although management believes the assumptions and estimates made are reasonable and appropriate, as discussed in the applicable sections throughout these consolidated financial statements, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact the Company’s reported results. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions and changes in market conditions could impact the Company’s future operating results. Self-Storage Properties Self-storage properties are carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The cost of self-storage properties reflects their purchase price or development cost. Acquisition costs are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) No. 2017-01 - Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which was adopted on January 1, 2018 (see section entitled Recent Accounting Pronouncements” ), and are generally capitalized. Costs incurred for the renovation of a store are capitalized to the Company’s investment in that store. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; major replacements and betterments, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The costs to develop self-storage properties are capitalized to construction in progress while the project is under development. Purchase Price Allocation When stores are acquired, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. When a portfolio of stores is acquired, the purchase price is allocated to the individual stores based upon the fair F-19 value determined using an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates, which take into account the relative size, age and location of the individual store along with current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. Allocations to land, building and improvements, and equipment are recorded based upon their respective fair values as estimated by management. In allocating the purchase price for an acquisition, the Company determines whether the acquisition includes intangible assets or liabilities. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to an intangible asset attributed to the value of in-place leases. This intangible is generally amortized to expense over the expected remaining term of the respective leases. Substantially all of the leases in place at acquired stores are at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts. Accordingly, to date, no portion of the purchase price has been allocated to above- or below-market lease intangibles. To date, no intangible asset has been recorded for the value of customer relationships, because the Company does not have any concentrations of significant customers and the average customer turnover is fairly frequent. Depreciation and Amortization The costs of self-storage properties and improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method based on useful lives ranging from five to 39 years. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment when events and circumstances such as declines in occupancy and operating results indicate that there may be an impairment. The carrying value of these long-lived assets is compared to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows, plus a terminal value, attributable to the assets to determine if the store’s basis is recoverable. If a store’s basis is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent the net carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the asset. Long-Lived Assets Held for Sale We consider long-lived assets to be “held for sale” upon satisfaction of the following criteria: (a) management commits to a plan to sell a store (or group of stores), (b) the store is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such stores, (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the store have been initiated, (d) the sale of the store is probable and transfer of the asset is expected to be completed within one year, (e) the store is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Typically these criteria are all met when the relevant asset is under contract, significant non-refundable deposits have been made by the potential buyer, the assets are immediately available for transfer, and there are no contingencies related to the sale that may prevent the transaction from closing. However, each potential transaction is evaluated based on its separate facts and circumstances. Stores classified as held for sale are reported at the lesser of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company may maintain cash equivalents in financial institutions in excess of insured limits, but believes this risk is mitigated by only investing in or through major financial institutions. Restricted Cash Restricted cash consists of purchase deposits and cash deposits required for debt service requirements, capital replacement, and expense reserves in connection with the requirements of our loan agreements. Loan Procurement Costs Loan procurement costs related to borrowings were $21.5 million and $21.4 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and are reported net of accumulated amortization of $13.4 million and $11.1 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In accordance with ASU No. 2015-03, Loan procurement costs, net are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability. If there is not an associated debt liability recorded on the consolidated balance sheets, the costs are recorded as an F-20 asset net of accumulated amortization. Loan procurement costs associated with the Company’s revolving credit facility remain in Loan procurement costs, net of amortization on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The costs are amortized over the estimated life of the related debt using the effective interest method and are reported as Loan procurement amortization expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. Other Assets Other assets are comprised of the following as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): Environmental Costs Our practice is to conduct or obtain environmental assessments in connection with the acquisition or development of additional stores. Whenever the environmental assessment for one of our stores indicates that a store is impacted by soil or groundwater contamination from prior owners/operators or other sources, we will work with our environmental consultants and where appropriate, state governmental agencies, to ensure that the store is either cleaned up, that no cleanup is necessary because the low level of contamination poses no significant risk to public health or the environment, or that the responsibility for cleanup rests with a third party. Revenue Recognition Management has determined that all of our leases are operating leases. Rental income is recognized in accordance with the terms of the leases, which generally are month to month. Property management fee income is recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. The Company recognizes gains from sale of real estate in accordance with the guidance on transfer of nonfinancial assets. Payments received from purchasers prior to closing are recorded as deposits. Profit on real estate sold is recognized when a valid contract exists, the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured and the control of the property has transferred. Advertising and Marketing Costs The Company incurs advertising and marketing costs primarily attributable to internet marketing and other media advertisements. The Company incurred $10.3 million, $9.7 million, and $9.4 million in advertising and marketing expenses for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are included in Property operating expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. F-21 Equity Offering Costs Underwriting discounts and commissions, financial advisory fees and offering costs are reflected as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized $1.6 million, $0.6 million, and $1.6 million, respectively, of equity offering costs related to the issuance of common shares. Other Property Related Income Other property related income consists of late fees, administrative charges, customer insurance fees, sales of storage supplies, and other ancillary revenues and is recognized in the period that it is earned. Capitalized Interest The Company capitalizes interest incurred that is directly associated with construction activities until the asset is placed into service. Interest is capitalized to the related asset(s) using the weighted-average rate of the Company’s outstanding debt. For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company capitalized $4.4 million, $5.6 million, and $4.6 million, respectively, of interest incurred that is directly associated with construction activities. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company carries all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The Company determines the fair value of derivatives by observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, if so, the reason for holding it. The Company’s use of derivative instruments has been limited to cash flow hedges of certain interest rate risks. The Company had interest rate swap agreements for notional principal amounts aggregating $150.0 million and $100.0 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, the fair values of which are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Income Taxes The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code since the Company’s commencement of operations in 2004. In management’s opinion, the requirements to maintain these elections are being met. Accordingly, no provision for federal income taxes has been reflected in the consolidated financial statements other than for operations conducted through our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of distributions to shareholders, differ from net income reported for financial reporting purposes due to differences in cost basis, the estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation, and the allocation of net income and loss for financial versus tax reporting purposes. The net tax basis in the Company’s assets was approximately $3.6 billion and $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Distributions to shareholders are usually taxable as ordinary income, although a portion of the distribution may be designated as capital gain or may constitute a tax-free return of capital. Annually, the Company provides each of its shareholders a statement detailing the tax characterization of dividends paid during the preceding year as ordinary income, capital gain, or return of capital. The characterization of the Company’s dividends for 2018 consisted of a 78.190% ordinary income distribution, a 13.653% capital gain distribution, and an 8.157% return of capital distribution from earnings and profits. The Company is subject to a 4% federal excise tax if sufficient taxable income is not distributed within prescribed time limits. The excise tax equals 4% of the annual amount, if any, by which the sum of (a) 85% of the Company’s ordinary income, (b) 95% of the Company’s net capital gains, and (c) 100% of prior taxable income exceeds cash distributions and certain taxes paid by the Company. No excise tax was incurred in 2018, 2017, or 2016. Taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal and state income taxes. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries had a net deferred tax asset related to expenses which are deductible for tax purposes in future periods of $1.4 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. Legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) was signed into law on December 22, 2017. The TCJA made significant changes to the U.S. federal income tax rules for taxation of individuals and corporations (including REITs), generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. F-22 Earnings per Share and Unit Basic earnings per share and unit are calculated based on the weighted average number of common shares and restricted shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share and unit is calculated by further adjusting for the dilutive impact of share options, unvested restricted shares and contingently issuable shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Potentially dilutive securities calculated under the treasury stock method were 842,000; 923,000 and 1,287,000 in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Share-Based Payments We apply the fair value method of accounting for contingently issued shares and share options issued under our incentive award plan. Accordingly, share compensation expense is recorded ratably over the vesting period relating to such contingently issued shares and options. The Company has recognized compensation expense on a straight-line method over the requisite service period, which is included in general and administrative expense on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures under the equity method of accounting when it is determined that the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the venture. Under the equity method, investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures are recorded initially at cost, as investments in real estate ventures, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings (losses), cash contributions, less distributions. On a periodic basis, management also assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be other than temporarily impaired. An investment is impaired only if the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment and the decline is other than temporary. To the extent impairment that is other than temporary has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment, as estimated by management. Reclassifications On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-15: Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) – Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which requires retrospective application for a number of cash flow classification items for which there was diversity in practice. See Recent Accounting Pronouncements below for the specific cash flow areas addressed by the new standard. As a result of adopting the new guidance, $1.6 million and $1.3 million of proceeds received from the settlement of insurance claims during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, have been reclassified from operating activities to investing activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows. On January 1, 2018, the Company also adopted ASU No. 2016-18: Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) – Restricted Cash, which requires restricted cash to be included with cash and cash equivalents as part of the reconciliation of beginning and end of period balances within the consolidated statements of cash flows. As a result of adopting the new guidance, $0.1 million and $4.1 million of restricted cash, which were previously included as operating cash outflows and investing cash inflows within the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2017, respectively, have been removed and are now included in the cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash line items at the beginning and the end of the year. For the year ended December 31, 2016, $0.6 million and $16.1 million of restricted cash, which were previously included as operating cash inflows and investing cash inflows, respectively, have been removed and are now included in the cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash line items at the beginning and the end of the year. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12 – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. The purpose of this updated guidance is to better align a company’s financial reporting for hedging activities with the economic objectives of those activities. The transition guidance provides companies with the option of early adopting the new standard using a modified retrospective transition method in any interim period after issuance of the update, or alternatively requires adoption for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This adoption method will require the Company to recognize the cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance as an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year that the Company adopts the update. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In February 2017, as part of the new revenue standard, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-05 – Other Income – Gains and Losses from the F-23 Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance, which focuses on recognizing gains and losses from the transfer of nonfinancial assets in contracts with non-customers. Specifically, the new guidance defines “in substance nonfinancial asset”, unifies guidance related to partial sales of nonfinancial assets, eliminates rules specifically addressing sales of real estate, removes exceptions to the financial asset derecognition model, and clarifies the accounting for contributions of nonfinancial assets to joint ventures. The new guidance became effective on January 1, 2018 when the Company adopted the new revenue standard. Upon adoption, the majority of the Company’s sale transactions are now treated as dispositions of nonfinancial assets rather than dispositions of a business given the FASB’s recently revised definition of a business (see ASU No. 2017-01 below). Additionally, in partial sale transactions where the Company sells a controlling interest in real estate but retains a noncontrolling interest, the Company will now fully recognize a gain or loss on the fair value measurement of the retained interest as the new guidance eliminates the partial profit recognition model. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01 - Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which changes the definition of a business to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. A framework is provided to evaluate when an input and a substantive process are present. The new guidance also narrows the definition of outputs, which are defined as the results of inputs and substantive processes that provide goods or services to customers, other revenue, or investment income. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018. Upon adoption of the new guidance, the majority of the Company’s future property acquisitions will now be considered asset acquisitions, resulting in the capitalization of acquisition related costs incurred in connection with these transactions and the allocation of purchase price and acquisition related costs to the assets acquired based on their relative fair values. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18 - Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash, which requires the statement of cash flows to explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The new guidance also requires entities to reconcile such total to amounts on the balance sheet and disclose the nature of the restrictions. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018 and requires the use of the retrospective transition method. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements as the update primarily relates to financial statement presentation and disclosures. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15 – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The eight items that the ASU provides classification guidance on include (1) debt prepayment and extinguishment costs, (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, (6) distributions received from equity method investments, (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The standard became effective on January 1, 2018 and requires the use of the retrospective transition method. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements as the update primarily relates to financial statement presentation and disclosures. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 - Leases (Topic 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either financing or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2019, the date it became effective for public companies, using the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption, the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted within the standard, which among other things, allows for the carryforward of historical lease classification. In addition, the Company elected the practical expedient that allows reporting entities to use hindsight to determine the lease term for existing leases. The Company expects to record lease liabilities of approximately $55.0 million and right-of-use assets of approximately $50.0 million, primarily related to the Company’s ten ground leases in which it serves as lessee (see note 14). In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new guidance outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control as opposed to transfer of F-24 risk and rewards. The new guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which amends ASU No. 2014-09 and is intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders. ASU No. 2016-12 provides practical expedients on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax and contract modifications and completed contracts in transition. Both standards became effective on January 1, 2018. The Company finalized the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 and ASU No. 2016-12 on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and adopted the standards using the modified retrospective transition method. The standards did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated statements of financial position or results of operations primarily because most of its revenue is derived from lease contracts, which are excluded from the scope of the new guidance. The Company’s insurance fee revenue, property management fee revenue, and merchandise sale revenue are included in the scope of the new guidance, however, the Company identified similar performance obligations under this standard as compared with deliverables and separate units of account identified under its previous revenue recognition methodology. Accordingly, revenue recognized under the new guidance does not differ materially from revenue recognized under previous guidance and there is no material prior year impact. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company’s stores are located in major metropolitan and rural areas and have numerous customers per store. No single customer represents a significant concentration of our revenues. The stores in Florida, New York, Texas, and California provided approximately 17%, 16%, 10% and 8%, respectively, of our total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. 3. STORAGE PROPERTIES The book value of the Company’s real estate assets is summarized as follows: F-25 The following table summarizes the Company’s acquisition and disposition activity for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016: F-26 4. INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 2018 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company acquired ten stores located throughout the United States, including one store upon completion of construction and the issuance of a certificate of occupancy, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $227.5 million. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company allocated a portion of the purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired based on fair value. Intangible assets consist of in-place leases, which aggregated $11.3 million at the time of the acquisitions and prior to any amortization of such amounts. The estimated life of these in-place leases was 12 months, and the amortization expense that was recognized during 2018 was approximately $3.1 million. In connection with one of the acquired stores, the Company assumed a $7.2 million mortgage loan that was immediately repaid by the Company. The remainder of the purchase price was funded with $0.2 million of cash and $4.8 million through the issuance of 168,011 OP Units (see note 12). Following a 13-month lock-up period, the holder may tender the OP Units for redemption by the Operating Partnership for a cash amount per OP Unit equal to the market value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Company. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to assume and satisfy the redemption obligation of the Operating Partnership by issuing one common share in exchange for each OP Unit tendered for redemption. The following table summarizes the Company’s revenue and earnings associated with the 2018 acquisitions from the respective acquisition dates, that are included in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018: 2018 Dispositions On November 28, 2018, the Company sold two stores in Arizona for an aggregate sales price of approximately $17.5 million. In connection with these sales, the Company recorded gains that totaled approximately $10.6 million. Development As of December 31, 2018, the Company had invested in joint ventures to develop six self-storage properties located in Massachusetts (2) New Jersey (1), and New York (3). Construction for all projects is expected to be completed by the second quarter of 2020. As of December 31, 2018, development costs incurred to date for these projects totaled $118.6 million. Total construction costs for these projects are expected to be $162.7 million. These costs are capitalized to construction in progress while the projects are under development and are reflected in Storage properties on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company has completed the construction and opened for operation the following stores since January 1, 2016. The costs associated with the construction of these stores are capitalized to land, building, and improvements as well as equipment and are reflected in Storage properties on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. F-27 During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company, through a joint venture in which the Company owned a 90% interest and that it previously consolidated, completed the construction and opened for operation a store located in Brooklyn, NY. On June 2, 2017, the Company acquired the noncontrolling member’s 10% interest in the venture for $9.0 million. Prior to this transaction, the noncontrolling member’s interest was reported in Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries on the consolidated balance sheets. Since the Company retained its controlling interest in the joint venture and the store is now wholly owned, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect the purchase, and the $8.6 million difference between the purchase price paid by the Company and the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the Company. In conjunction with the Company’s acquisition of the noncontrolling interest, the $9.8 million related party loan extended by the Company to the venture during the construction period was repaid in full. 2017 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company acquired six stores located throughout the United States, including two stores upon completion of construction and the issuance of a certificate of occupancy, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $69.5 million. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company allocated a portion of the purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired based on fair value. Intangible assets consist of in-place leases, which aggregated $3.2 million at the time of the acquisitions and prior to any amortization of such amounts. The estimated life of these in-place leases was 12 months, and the amortization expense that was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was approximately $1.7 and $1.5 million, respectively. In connection with one of the acquired stores, the Company assumed mortgage debt that was recorded at a fair value of $6.2 million, which fair value includes an outstanding principal balance totaling $5.9 million and a net premium of $0.3 million to reflect the estimated fair value of the debt at the time of assumption. As part of the acquisition of that same store, the Company issued OP Units that were valued at approximately $12.3 million as consideration for the remainder of the purchase price (see note 12). During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company also acquired a store in Illinois upon completion of construction and the issuance of a certificate of occupancy for $11.2 million. The purchase price was satisfied with $9.7 million of cash and 58,400 newly created Class C OP Units. Each Class C OP Unit had a stated value of $25 and an annual distribution rate of 3% of the stated value. On July 23, 2018, all of the Class C OP Units were exchanged for an aggregate of 46,322 common units of the Operating Partnership. Because the Class C OP Units represented an unconditional obligation that the Company settled by issuing a variable number of its common shares with a monetary value that was known at inception, the Class C OP Units were classified as a liability in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets prior to redemption. 2016 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company acquired 28 stores, including three stores upon completion of construction and the issuance of a certificate of occupancy, located throughout the United States for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $403.6 million. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company allocated a portion of the purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired based on fair value. Intangible assets consist of in-place leases, which aggregated $18.8 million at the time of the acquisitions and prior to any amortization of such amounts. The estimated life of these in-place leases was 12 months, and the amortization expense that was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $8.3 million and $10.5 million, respectively. In connection with one of the acquired stores, the Company assumed mortgage debt that was recorded at a fair value of $6.5 million, which fair value includes an outstanding principal balance totaling $6.3 million and a net premium of $0.2 million to reflect the estimated fair value of the debt at the time of assumption. 5. INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES 191 IV CUBE LLC (“HVP IV”) On October 16, 2017, the Company acquired a self-storage property located in Texas for $9.4 million, which it then contributed to a newly-formed real estate venture on November 1, 2017. In return for contributing the property to HVP IV, the Company received approximately $7.5 million in cash and a 20% ownership interest in the venture. During the year ended December 31, 2018, HVP IV acquired 12 additional stores located in Arizona (2), Connecticut (2), Florida (3), Georgia (2), Maryland (1), and Texas (2) for an F-28 aggregate purchase price of $129.4 million, of which the Company has contributed $14.1 million. On May 16, 2018 and August 15, 2018, HVP IV received $43.7 million and $24.4 million advances, respectively, on its $107.0 million loan facility, which encumbers the first eleven stores that were acquired by the venture. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.70% and matures on May 16, 2021 with options to extend the maturity date through May 16, 2023, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of the extension fees as stipulated in the loan agreement. CUBE HHF Northeast Venture LLC (“HHFNE”) On December 15, 2016, the Company invested a 10% ownership interest in a newly-formed real estate venture that acquired 13 self-storage properties located in Connecticut (3), Massachusetts (6), Rhode Island (2), and Vermont (2). HHFNE paid $87.5 million for these stores, of which $6.0 million was allocated to the value of the in-place lease intangible. The acquisition was funded primarily through an advance totaling $44.5 million on the venture’s loan facility. The remainder of the purchase price was contributed pro-rata by the Company and its unaffiliated joint venture partner. The Company’s total contribution to HHFNE related to this portfolio acquisition was $3.8 million. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.90% and matures on December 15, 2019 with options to extend the maturity date through December 15, 2021, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of the extension fees as stipulated in the loan agreement. 191 III CUBE LLC (“HVP III”) During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company invested a 10% ownership interest in a newly-formed real estate venture that agreed to acquire a property portfolio comprised of 37 self-storage properties located in Michigan (17), Tennessee (10), Massachusetts (7), and Florida (3). HVP III paid $242.5 million for these 37 stores, of which $18.9 million was allocated to the value of the in-place lease intangible. HVP III acquired 30 of the stores on December 8, 2015 for $193.7 million, one of the stores on January 26, 2016 for $5.7 million, five of the stores on April 21, 2016 for $36.1 million, and one store on June 15, 2016 for $7.0 million. In connection with six of the acquired stores, HVP III assumed mortgage debt that was recorded at a fair value of $25.3 million, which includes an outstanding principal balance totaling $23.7 million and a net premium of $1.6 million to reflect the estimated fair value of the debt at the time of assumption. The remainder of the purchase price was funded through advances totaling $116.0 million on the venture’s $122.0 million loan facility and amounts contributed pro-rata by the Company and its unaffiliated joint venture partner. The Company’s total contribution to HVP III related to this portfolio acquisition was $10.7 million. The loan facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum and was originally scheduled to mature on December 7, 2018 with options to extend the maturity date through December 7, 2020, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of the extension fees as stipulated in the loan agreement. During the first quarter of 2016, HVP III agreed to acquire a portfolio comprised of 31 self-storage properties located in South Carolina (22), Georgia (5), and North Carolina (4) that were previously managed by the Company. HVP III paid $115.5 million for these 31 stores, of which $10.6 million was allocated to the value of the in-place lease intangible. HVP III acquired 30 of the stores on March 30, 2016 for $112.8 million and one of the stores on November 29, 2016 for $2.7 million. In conjunction with the acquisitions, HVP III refinanced its existing loan facility by entering into an increased amended and restated loan facility not to exceed $185.5 million. The acquisitions were funded primarily through advances totaling $63.5 million on the venture’s amended and restated loan facility. The remainder of the purchase price was contributed pro-rata by the Company and its unaffiliated joint venture partner. The Company’s total contribution to HVP III related to this portfolio acquisition was $5.4 million, bringing its total investment in HVP III to $16.1 million as of December 31, 2016. The amended and restated loan facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. The initial maturity date was extended to March 30, 2019 with options to extend through March 30, 2021, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of the extension fees as stipulated in the amended and restated loan agreement. CUBE HHF Limited Partnership (“HHF”) On December 10, 2013, the Company invested a 50% ownership interest in a newly-formed real estate venture that acquired 35 self-storage properties located in Texas (34) and North Carolina (1). HHF paid $315.7 million for these stores, of which $12.1 million was allocated to the value of the in-place lease intangible. The Company and the unaffiliated joint venture partner each contributed cash equal to 50% of the capital required to fund the acquisition. On May 1, 2014, HHF obtained a $100.0 million loan secured by the 34 self-storage properties located in Texas that are owned by the venture. There is no recourse to the Company, subject to customary exceptions to non-recourse provisions. The loan bears interest at 3.59% per annum and matures on April 30, 2021. This financing completed the planned capital structure of HHF and proceeds (net of closing costs) of $99.2 million were distributed proportionately to the partners. Based upon the facts and circumstances at formation of HVP IV, HHFNE, HVP III , and HHF (the “Ventures”), the Company determined that the Ventures are not VIEs in accordance with the accounting standard for the consolidation of VIEs. As a result, the Company used the voting interest model under the accounting standard for consolidation in order to determine whether to consolidate the F-29 Ventures. Based upon each member's substantive participating rights over the activities of each entity as stipulated in the operating agreements, the Ventures are not consolidated by the Company and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company’s investments in the Ventures are included in Investment in real estate ventures, at equity on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and the Company’s earnings from its investments in the Ventures are presented in Equity in losses of real estate ventures on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The amounts reflected in the following table are based on the historical financial information of the Ventures. The following is a summary of the financial position of the Ventures as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): The following is a summary of results of operations of the Ventures for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands): The results of operations above include the periods from November 1, 2017 (date of acquisition) through December 31, 2018 for HVP IV and December 15, 2016 (date of acquisition) through December 31, 2018 for HHFNE. 6. UNSECURED SENIOR NOTES The Company’s unsecured senior notes are summarized as follows (collectively referred to as the “Senior Notes”): F-30 The indenture under which the Senior Notes were issued restricts the ability of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries to incur debt unless the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a leverage ratio not to exceed 60% and an interest coverage ratio of more than 1.5:1 after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also restricts the ability of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries to incur secured debt unless the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries comply with a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 40% after giving effect to the incurrence of the debt. The indenture also contains other financial and customary covenants, including a covenant not to own unencumbered assets with a value less than 150% of the unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, the Operating Partnership was in compliance with all of the financial covenants under the Senior Notes. 7. REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY AND UNSECURED TERM LOANS On December 9, 2011, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Facility”), which was subsequently amended on April 5, 2012, June 18, 2013, and April 22, 2015 to provide for, amongst other things, a $500.0 million unsecured revolving facility (the “Revolver”) with a maturity date of April 22, 2020. Pricing on the Revolver is dependent on the Company’s unsecured debt credit ratings. At the Company’s current Baa2/BBB level, amounts drawn under the Revolver are priced at 1.25% over LIBOR, inclusive of a facility fee of 0.15%. As of December 31, 2018, $303.8 million was available for borrowing under the Revolver. The available balance under the Revolver is reduced by an outstanding letter of credit of $0.7 million. As of December 31, 2018, the Company also had a $200.0 million unsecured term loan outstanding under the Credit Facility, which is included in the table below. On June 20, 2011, the Company entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the “Term Loan Facility”), which was subsequently amended on June 18, 2013 and August 5, 2014, consisting of a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a five-year maturity and a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a seven-year maturity. On April 6, 2017, the Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of $50.0 million of its 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 and $50.0 million of its 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 to repay all of the outstanding indebtedness under its five-year $100.0 million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in June 2018. The Company’s unsecured term loans under the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility are summarized below: F-31 The Term Loan Facility and the unsecured term loan under the Credit Facility were fully drawn as of December 31, 2018 and no further borrowings may be made under the term loans. The Company’s ability to borrow under the Revolver is subject to ongoing compliance with certain financial covenants which include: Further, under the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility, the Company is restricted from paying distributions on the Parent Company’s common shares in excess of the greater of (i) 95% of funds from operations, and (ii) such amount as may be necessary to maintain the Parent Company’s REIT status. As of December 31, 2018, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants and it anticipates being in compliance with all of its financial covenants through the terms of the Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility. 8. MORTGAGE LOANS AND NOTES PAYABLE The Company’s mortgage loans and notes payable are summarized as follows: As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company’s mortgage loans payable were secured by certain of its self-storage properties with net book values of approximately $231.0 million and $236.9 million, respectively. The following table represents the future principal payment requirements on the outstanding mortgage loans and notes payable as of December 31, 2018 (in thousands): F-32 9. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component for the year ended December 31, 2018 (in thousands): 10. RISK MANAGEMENT AND USE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The Company’s use of derivative instruments is limited to the utilization of interest rate swap agreements or other instruments to manage interest rate risk exposures and not for speculative purposes. The principal objective of such arrangements is to minimize the risks and/or costs associated with the Company’s operating and financial structure, as well as to hedge specific transactions. The counterparties to these arrangements are major financial institutions with which the Company and its subsidiaries may also have other financial relationships. The Company is potentially exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by these counterparties. However, because of the high credit ratings of the counterparties, the Company does not anticipate that any of the counterparties will fail to meet these obligations as they come due. The Company does not hedge credit or property value market risks. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges designed to reduce the impact of interest rate changes on its variable rate debt. Therefore, the interest rate swaps are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, and the related gains or losses are deferred in shareholders’ equity as accumulated other comprehensive loss. These deferred gains and losses are amortized into interest expense during the period or periods in which the related interest payments affect earnings. However, to the extent that the interest rate swaps are not perfectly effective in offsetting the change in value of the interest payments being hedged, the ineffective portion of these contracts is recognized in earnings immediately. The Company formally assesses, both at inception of a hedge and on an on-going basis, whether each derivative is highly-effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item. If management determines that a derivative is highly-effective as a hedge, then the Company accounts for the derivative using hedge accounting, pursuant to which gains or losses inherent in the derivative do not impact the Company’s results of operations. If management determines that a derivative is not highly-effective as a hedge or if a derivative ceases to be a highly-effective hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively and will reflect in its statement of operations realized and unrealized gains and losses with respect to the derivative. The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of the Company’s derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): F-33 The Company measures its derivative instruments at fair value and records them in the balance sheet as either an asset or liability. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, all derivative instruments were included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company’s variable-rate debt. The change in unrealized losses on interest rate swaps reflects a reclassification of $0.1 million of unrealized gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss as a decrease to interest expense during 2018. The Company estimates that $0.1 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense in 2019. 11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company applies the methods of determining fair value, as described in authoritative guidance, to value its financial assets and liabilities. As defined in the guidance, fair value is based on the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In order to increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements, the guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels, which are described below: Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs. Level 2: Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible, as well as considering counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value as of December 31, 2018 are classified in the table below in one of the three categories described above (dollars in thousands): Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value as of December 31, 2017 are classified in the table below in one of the three categories described above (dollars in thousands): Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value were classified as Level 2 inputs. For financial liabilities that utilize Level 2 inputs, the Company utilizes both direct and indirect observable price quotes, including LIBOR yield curves, bank price quotes for forward starting swaps, NYMEX futures pricing, and common stock price quotes. Below is a summary of valuation techniques for Level 2 financial liabilities: F-34 The fair values of financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their respective carrying values as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. The aggregate carrying value of the Company’s debt was $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The estimated fair value of the Company’s debt was $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. These estimates were based on a discounted cash flow analysis assuming market interest rates for comparable obligations as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. The Company estimates the fair value of its fixed rate debt and the credit spreads over variable market rates on its variable rate debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at estimated market rates or credit spreads consistent with the maturity of the debt obligation with similar credit policies, which is classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Rates and credit spreads take into consideration general market conditions and maturity. 12. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS Interests in Consolidated Joint Ventures Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries represent the ownership interests of third parties in the Company’s consolidated joint ventures. The Company has determined that these ventures are variable interest entities, and that the Company is the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the Company consolidates the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the joint ventures in the table below (dollars in thousands): F-35 Operating Partnership Ownership The Company follows guidance regarding the classification and measurement of redeemable securities. Under this guidance, securities that are redeemable for cash or other assets, at the option of the holder and not solely within the control of the issuer, must be classified outside of permanent equity/capital. This classification results in certain outside ownership interests being included as redeemable noncontrolling interests outside of permanent equity/capital in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company makes this determination based on terms in applicable agreements, specifically in relation to redemption provisions. Additionally, with respect to redeemable ownership interests in the Operating Partnership held by third parties for which CubeSmart has a choice to settle the redemption by delivery of its own shares, the Operating Partnership considered the guidance regarding accounting for derivative financial instruments indexed to, and potentially settled in, a company’s own shares, to evaluate whether CubeSmart controls the actions or events necessary to presume share settlement. The guidance also requires that noncontrolling interests classified outside of permanent capital be adjusted each period to the greater of the carrying value based on the accumulation of historical cost or the redemption value. Approximately 1.0% of the outstanding OP Units as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 were not owned by CubeSmart, the sole general partner. The interests in the Operating Partnership represented by these OP Units were a component of the consideration that the Operating Partnership paid to acquire certain self-storage properties. The holders of the OP Units are limited partners in the Operating Partnership and have the right to require CubeSmart to redeem all or part of their OP Units for, at the general partner’s option, an equivalent number of common shares of CubeSmart or cash based upon the fair value of an equivalent number of common shares of CubeSmart. However, the partnership agreement contains certain provisions that could result in a cash settlement outside the control of CubeSmart and the Operating Partnership, as CubeSmart does not have the ability to settle in unregistered shares. Accordingly, consistent with the guidance, the Operating Partnership records the OP Units owned by third parties outside of permanent capital in the consolidated balance sheets. Net income or loss related to the OP Units owned by third parties is excluded from net income or loss attributable to Operating Partner in the consolidated statements of operations. On January 31, 2018, the Company acquired a store in Texas for $12.2 million and assumed an existing mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of approximately $7.2 million and immediately repaid the loan. In conjunction with the closing, the Company paid $0.2 million in cash and issued 168,011 OP Units, valued at approximately $4.8 million, to pay the remaining consideration. On April 12, 2017, the Company acquired a store in Illinois for $11.2 million. In conjunction with the closing, the Company paid $9.7 million and issued 58,400 Class C OP Units to pay the remaining consideration. On July 23, 2018, all of the 58,400 Class C OP Units were exchanged for an aggregate of 46,322 common units of the Operating Partnership. On May 9, 2017, the Company acquired a store in Maryland for $18.2 million and assumed an existing mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of approximately $5.9 million. In conjunction with the closing, the Company issued 440,160 OP Units, valued at approximately $12.3 million, to pay the remaining consideration. On May 14, 2015, the Company closed on the acquisition of real property that has been developed into a self-storage property in Washington, D.C. In conjunction with the closing, the Company issued 20,408 OP Units, valued at approximately $0.5 million to pay a portion of the consideration. On April 18, 2016, upon completion of certain milestones, the Company issued 61,224 additional OP Units, valued at approximately $1.5 million, to pay the remaining consideration. The store commenced operations during the third quarter of 2017. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, 1,945,570 and 1,878,253 OP Units, respectively, were held by third parties. The per unit cash redemption amount of the outstanding OP Units was calculated based upon the average of the closing prices of the common shares of CubeSmart on the New York Stock Exchange for the final 10 trading days of the year. Based on the Company’s evaluation of the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests, the Company has reflected these interests at their redemption value as of December 31, 2018 and 2017. As of December 31, 2018, the Operating Partnership recorded an increase to OP Units owned by third parties and a corresponding decrease to capital of $0.3 million. As of December 31, 2017, the Operating Partnership recorded an increase to OP Units owned by third parties and a corresponding decrease to capital of $4.0. million. F-36 13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Affiliated Real Estate Investments The Company provides management services to certain joint ventures and other related parties. Management agreements provide for fee income to the Company based on a percentage of revenues at the managed stores. Total management fees for unconsolidated real estate ventures or other entities in which the Company held an ownership interest for the years ending December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $4.5 million, $3.8 million and $2.9 million, respectively. The management agreements for certain joint ventures, other related parties and third-party stores provide for the reimbursement to the Company for certain expenses incurred to manage the stores. These amounts consist of amounts due for management fees, payroll and other store expenses. The amounts due to the Company were $10.6 million and $7.5 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and are included in Other Assets, net on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, as discussed in note 12 the Company had outstanding mortgage loans receivable from consolidated joint ventures of $33.2 million and $25.5 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which are eliminated for consolidation purposes. The Company believes that all of these related-party receivables are fully collectible. The HVP III , HVP IV, and HHFNE operating agreements provide for acquisition fees payable from HVP III , HVP IV, and HHFNE to the Company in an amount equal to 0.5% of the purchase price upon the closing of an acquisition by HVP III , HVP IV, and HHFNE, or any of their subsidiaries and completion of certain measures as defined in the operating agreements. The Company recognized $0.6 million, $0.5 million, and $1.8 million in acquisition fees during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, which are included in Other income on the consolidated statements of operations. 14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Ground Leases The Company currently owns eight operating self-storage properties and two self-storage properties currently under development that are subject to ground leases, and two other operating self-storage properties that have portions of land that are subject to ground leases. The Company recorded ground rent expense of approximately $3.7 million, $3.4 million, and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Total future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable ground leases are as follows: Development Commitments The Company has development agreements for the construction of six new self-storage properties (see note 4), which will require payments of approximately $41.6 million, due in installments upon completion of certain construction milestones, during 2019 and 2020. Litigation The Company is involved in claims from time to time, which arise in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management establishes an accrued liability for litigation when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be exposure to loss in excess of those amounts accrued. The estimated loss, if any, is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. In the opinion of management, the Company has made adequate provisions for potential liabilities, arising from any such matters, which are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. F-37 On January 11, 2019, a preliminary settlement agreement was entered into for a class action alleging violation of a state specific deceptive and unfair trade practices act. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded a $1.8 million charge related to this legal action, which is included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and in General and administrative on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. 15. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS On June 1, 2016 the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment and restatement of the Company’s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, a share-based employee compensation plan originally approved by shareholders on May 8, 2007 and subsequently amended with shareholder approval on June 2, 2010 (as amended and restated, the “2007 Plan”). The purpose of the 2007 Plan is to attract and retain highly qualified executive officers, Trustees and key employees and other persons and to motivate such officers, Trustees, key employees, and other persons to serve the Company and its affiliates to expend maximum effort to improve the business results and earnings of the Company, by providing to such persons an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. To this end, the 2007 Plan provides for the grant of share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, performance awards, which may be denominated in cash or shares, included restricted shares and restricted share units, and other share-based awards, including unrestricted common shares or awards denominated or payable in, or valued in whole or part by reference to, common shares. Any of these awards may, but need not, be made as performance incentives to reward attainment of annual or long-term performance goals. Share options granted under the 2007 Plan may be non-qualified share options or incentive share options. Upon shareholder approval of the amendment and restatement of the 2007 Plan in June 2016, 4,500,000 additional common shares were made available for award under the 2007 Plan. As a result, these 4,500,000 additional shares, together with the 991,117 shares that remained available for future awards under the 2007 Plan at the time of the shareholder approval, plus any common shares that are restored to availability upon expiration or forfeiture of outstanding options or restricted share awards, would constitute the “Aggregate Share Reserve”. As of December 31, 2018: (i) 4,517,038 common shares remained available for future awards under the 2007 Plan; (ii) 449,948 unvested restricted share awards were outstanding under the 2007 Plan; and (iii) 1,659,003 common shares were subject to outstanding options under the 2007 Plan (with the outstanding options having a weighted average exercise price of $19.89 per share and a weighted average term to maturity of 5.52 years). Prior to the June 2016 amendments, the 2007 Plan used a “Fungible Units” methodology for computing the maximum number of common shares available for issuance under the 2007 Plan. The Fungible Units methodology assigned weighted values to different types of awards under the 2007 Plan without assigning specific numerical limits for different types of awards. As amended in June 2016, the 2007 Plan provides that any common shares made the subject of awards under the 2007 Plan will count against the Aggregate Share Reserve as one (1) unit. The Aggregate Share Reserve and the computation of the number of common shares available for issuance is subject to adjustment upon certain corporate transactions or events, including share splits, reverse share splits and recapitalizations. The number of shares counted against the Aggregate Share Reserve includes the full number of shares subject to the award, and is not reduced in the event shares are withheld to fund withholding tax obligations, or, in the case of options and share appreciation rights, where shares are applied to pay the exercise price. If an option or other award granted under the 2007 Plan expires, is forfeited or otherwise terminates, the common shares subject to any portion of the award that expires, is forfeited or that otherwise terminates, as the case may be, again becomes available for issuance under the 2007 Plan. The 2007 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Trustees (the “Compensation Committee”), which is appointed by the Board of Trustees. The Compensation Committee interprets the 2007 Plan and, subject to its right to delegate authority to grant awards, determines the terms and provisions of option grants and share awards. Subject to adjustment upon certain corporate transactions or events, a participant (other than a non-employee trustee) may not receive awards under the 2007 Plan in any one calendar year covering more than 1,000,000 shares. Subject to adjustment upon certain corporate transactions or events, a non-employee trustee may not receive awards under the 2007 Plan in any one calendar year covering more than 250,000 shares. Under the 2007 Plan, the Compensation Committee determines the vesting schedule of each share award and option, subject to a one-year minimum vesting requirement, but with permitted acceleration of vesting in the event of a participant’s death or disability, or in the event of a change in control or certain changes in our capital structure. Notwithstanding the foregoing one-year minimum vesting limitation, up to five percent of the shares subject to the Aggregate Share Reserve may be subject to awards that are not subject to such limitation. The exercise price for options is equivalent to the fair value of the underlying common shares at the grant date. The Compensation Committee also determines the term of each option, which shall not exceed 10 years from the grant date. F-38 On October 19, 2004, the Company’s sole shareholder approved a share-based employee compensation plan, the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2004 Plan”). The 2004 Plan expired in October 2014. Prior to its expiration, a total of 3.0 million common shares were reserved for issuance under the 2004 Plan. Subsequent to its expiration, no new equity awards may be granted under the 2004 Plan, and to the extent that options expire unexercised or are terminated, surrendered or canceled, the options and share awards no longer become available for future grants under the 2004 Plan. Share Options The fair values for options granted in 2018, 2017, and 2016 were estimated at the time the options were granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model applying the following weighted average assumptions: The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options. In addition, option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected share price volatility. Volatility for the 2018, 2017 and 2016 grants was based on the trading history of the Company’s shares. In 2018, 2017, and 2016, the Company recognized compensation expense related to options issued to employees and executives of approximately $1.5 million, $1.5 million and $1.3 million, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. During 2018, 305,805 share options were issued for which the fair value of the options at their respective grant dates was approximately $1.7 million. The share options vest over three years. As of December 31, 2018, the Company had approximately $1.7 million of unrecognized option compensation cost related to all grants that will be recorded over the next three years. F-39 The table below summarizes the option activity under the 2004 Plan and the 2007 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016: As of December 31, 2018, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding, of options that vested or expected to vest, and of options that were exercisable was approximately $14.9 million. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was approximately $8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Restricted Shares The Company applies the fair value method of accounting for contingently issued shares. As such, each grant is recognized ratably over the related vesting period. Approximately 166,000 restricted shares and share units were issued during 2018 for which the fair value of the restricted shares and share units at their respective grant dates was approximately $4.9 million, which vest over three to five years. During 2017, approximately 166,000 restricted shares and share units were issued for which the fair value of the restricted shares and share units at their respective grant dates was approximately $4.7 million. As of December 31, 2018 the Company had approximately $5.0 million of remaining unrecognized restricted share and share unit compensation costs that will be recognized over the next five years. Restricted share awards are considered to be performance awards and are valued using the share price on the grant date. The compensation expense recognized related to these awards and remaining unrecognized compensation costs are included in the amounts disclosed above. In 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized compensation expense related to restricted shares and share units issued to employees and Trustees of approximately $4.0 million, $4.1 million, and $3.6 million, respectively; these amounts were recorded in general and administrative expense. The following table presents non-vested restricted share and share unit activity during 2018: On January 23, 2018, 66,872 restricted share units were granted to certain executives. The restricted share units were granted in the form of deferred share units with a market condition, entitling the holders thereof to receive common shares at a future date. The deferred share units will be awarded based on the Company’s total return to shareholders with respect to a specified peer group consisting of publicly traded REITs over a three-year period. The fair value of the restricted share units on the grant date was approximately $1.9 million. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to estimate the fair value of the awards. The restricted share units will cliff vest upon the third anniversary of the effective date, or December 31, 2020. The compensation expense recognized related to these awards and remaining unrecognized compensation costs are included in the amounts disclosed above. F-40 On January 23, 2017, 52,426 restricted share units were granted to certain executives. The restricted share units were granted in the form of deferred share units with a market condition, entitling the holders thereof to receive common shares at a future date. The deferred share units will be awarded based on the Company’s total return to shareholders with respect to a specified peer group consisting of publicly traded REITs over a three-year period. The fair value of the restricted share units on the grant date was approximately $1.8 million. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to estimate the fair value of the awards. The restricted share units will cliff vest upon the third anniversary of the effective date, or December 31, 2019. The compensation expense recognized related to these awards and remaining unrecognized compensation costs are included in the amounts disclosed above. On January 22, 2016, 37,008 restricted share units were granted to certain executives. The restricted share units were granted in the form of deferred share units with a market condition, entitling the holders thereof to receive common shares at a future date. The deferred share units were awarded based on the Company’s total return to shareholders with respect to a specified peer group consisting of publicly traded REITs over a three-year period. The fair value of the restricted share units on the grant date was approximately $1.6 million. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to estimate the fair value of the awards. The restricted share units cliff vested upon the third anniversary of the effective date, or December 31, 2018. The compensation expense recognized related to these awards and remaining unrecognized compensation costs are included in the amounts disclosed above. 16. EARNINGS PER SHARE AND UNIT AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND CAPITAL Earnings per common share and shareholders’ equity The following is a summary of the elements used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per common share: F-41 Earnings per common unit and capital The following is a summary of the elements used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per common unit: The OP units and common units have essentially the same economic characteristics as they share equally in the total net income or loss and distributions of the Operating Partnership. An Operating Partnership unit may be redeemed for cash, or at the Company’s option, common units on a one-for-one basis. Outstanding noncontrolling interest units in the Operating Partnership were 1,945,570; 1,878,253 and 2,032,394 as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. There were 187,145,103; 182,215,735 and 180,083,111 common units outstanding as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Common and Preferred Shares On November 2, 2016, the Company redeemed all 3.1 million outstanding shares of 7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (the “Series A Preferred Shares”) at a cash redemption price of $25.00 per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends up to and including the date of redemption of $0.17374 per share. The redemption price of $77.5 million for the redemption of the Series A Preferred Shares was paid by the Company from available cash balances. In connection with the redemption, the Company recognized a charge of $2.9 million related to excess redemption costs over the original net proceeds. The Company maintains an at-the-market equity program that enables it to offer and sell up to 50.0 million common shares through sales agents pursuant to equity distribution agreements (the “Equity Distribution Agreements”). The Company’s sales activity under the program for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 is summarized below: The proceeds from the sales conducted during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were used to fund acquisitions of storage properties and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, 10.5 million common shares, 4.7 million common shares, and 5.8 million common shares, respectively, remained available for issuance under the Equity Distribution Agreements. F-42 17. INCOME TAXES Deferred income taxes are established for temporary differences between financial reporting basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is provided if the Company believes that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. No valuation allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2018 or 2017. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had net deferred tax assets of $1.4 million, which are included in Other assets, net on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company believes it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be realized. 18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On January 30, 2019, the Operating Partnership issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due February 15, 2029 which bear interest at a rate of 4.375% per annum (the “2029 Notes”). The 2029 Notes were priced at 99.356% of the principal amount to yield 4.455% to maturity. Net proceeds from the offering of $345.5 million were used to repay all of the outstanding indebtedness under the Company’s $200.0 million unsecured term loan portion of the Credit Facility that was scheduled to mature in January 2019. The remaining proceeds from the offering were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Revolver. 19. PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company acquired ten self-storage properties for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $227.5 million (see note 3) and seven stores for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $80.7 million, respectively. The condensed consolidated pro forma financial information set forth below reflects adjustments to the Company’s historical financial data to give effect to each of the acquisitions and related financing activity (including the issuance of common shares) that occurred during 2018 and 2017 as if each had occurred as of January 1, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The unaudited pro forma information presented below does not purport to represent what the Company’s actual results of operations would have been for the periods indicated, nor does it purport to represent the Company’s future results of operations. The following table summarizes, on a pro forma basis, the Company’s consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 based on the assumptions described above: 20. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) The following is a summary of quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands, except per share data): F-43 The sum of quarterly earnings per share amounts do not necessarily equal the full year amounts. F-44 Table of Contents CUBESMART SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND RELATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2018 (Dollars in thousands) F-45 Table of Contents F-46 Table of Contents F-47 Table of Contents F-48 Table of Contents F-49 Table of Contents Activity in storage properties during 2018 and 2017 was as follows (in thousands): * These amounts include equipment that is housed at the Company’s stores which is excluded from Schedule III above. As of December 31, 2018, the aggregate cost of Storage properties for federal income tax purposes was approximately $4.6 billion. F-50