0001101239 false 0001101239 2020-10-30 2020-10-30 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15( d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): October 30, 2020 EQUINIX, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( §240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On October 30, 2020, Equinix, Inc. (the “Company”), entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the “Equity Distribution Agreement”) by and among the Company, on the one hand, and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., ING Financial Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. (each, a “Manager” and collectively, the “Managers”), on the other hand. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company may sell, from time to time through or to the Managers, as the Company’s sales agents or as principals, shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $1,500,000,000 (the “Shares”). The sales, if any, of the Shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement will be made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at market prices, to or through a market maker at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed upon by the Managers and the Company by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). For the sales of Shares through the Managers, as the Company’s sales agents, the Company will pay the Managers a commission at a mutually agreed rate, not to exceed 2.0% of the gross sales price per Share. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay certain expenses incurred by the Managers in connection with the offering. The Company may also sell Shares to one or more of the Managers as principal for such Manager’s own account at a price agreed upon at the time of sale. If the Company sells Shares to one or more of the Managers as principal, the Company will enter into a separate terms agreement with such Manager. The Company has no obligation to sell any shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and may at any time suspend the offering of shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties and indemnification and contribution provisions under which the Company and the Managers have agreed to indemnify each other against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from sales of the Shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Shares will be issued pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249763). The Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated October 30, 2020, with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement. The foregoing description of the Equity Distribution Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The legal opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP relating to the shares of common stock being offered is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The legal opinion of Sullivan & Worcester LLP relating to tax matters is filed as Exhibit 8.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: October 30, 2020