eqix-8k_20200418.DOCX.htm false 0001101239 0001101239 2020-04-18 2020-04-18 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 18, 2020 EQUINIX, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) One Lagoon Drive Redwood City , CA 94065 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code) ( 650 ) 598-6000 Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: I tem 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure On April 21, 2020, Equinix, Inc. ("Equinix") issued a press release that includes, among other matters, information related to the Joint Venture, as defined and described in Item 8.01 below and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act, except as otherwise stated in such filings. Item 8.01 Other Events On April 18, 2020, Equinix entered into an agreement to form a greater than $1 billion joint venture with GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund (“GIC”) (the "Joint Venture") whereby, upon closing, the Joint Venture will initially acquire three sites in Japan for the development and operation of data centers by the Joint Venture, with an opportunity to add more data centers to the Joint Venture post-closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture, upon closing, the sites will be acquired and held by a wholly-owned subsidiary of APAC 1 Hyperscale LP, a limited partnership formed and registered under the laws of Singapore, of which Equinix will own a 20% interest and GIC will own an 80% interest. The three sites intended to comprise the Joint Venture are located in Tokyo (two data center sites) and Osaka (one data center site). After closing, Equinix will provide a number of services to the Joint Venture, and the development and operation of each of the data centers will be managed by Equinix. The services will include the sales and marketing of space in the data centers, managing the development of the data centers (and any expansions to those data centers), facilities management of the data centers, and management and coordination of the Joint Venture. The Joint Venture plans to secure financing prior to closing to fund a portion of the consideration paid to Equinix for the sale of the sites and their planned development, working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Joint Venture. The closing of the Joint Venture is subject to conditions including (i) certain financing conditions, including the fulfilment by each of Equinix and GIC of their funding obligations and obtaining certain external financing arrangements; (ii) completion of pre-closing reorganization; and (iii) obtaining required regulatory approvals. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws, including statements regarding the proposed Joint Venture and the development of certain data centers. The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Although Equinix believes that its forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, expected results may not be achieved, and actual results may differ materially from its expectations. Factors that might cause such a material difference include, without limitations, risks related to Equinix’s ability to complete the closing of the Joint Venture on the proposed terms and schedule; risks related to Equinix or GIC being able to satisfy their respective closing conditions related to the Joint Venture, including obtaining regulatory approval; any inability of Equinix, GIC or the Joint Venture to obtain financing as needed; risks related to whether the data center sites which will be contributed to the Joint Venture will be developed successfully, and whether such development may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; risks that the expected benefits of the Joint Venture will not occur; the challenges of operating and managing data centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; competition from existing and new competitors; the loss or decline in business from key hyperscale companies; disruption from the Joint Venture making it more difficult to conduct business as usual or maintain relationships with customers, employees or suppliers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Equinix’s forward-looking statements should not be relied upon except as statements of Equinix’s present intentions and of Equinix’s present expectations, which may or may not occur. Cautionary statements should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. Except as required by law, Equinix undertakes no obligation to release publicly the result of any revision to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures Equinix has made in this Current Report on Form 8-K, as well as Equinix’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Equinix does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K. I tem 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EXHIBIT INDEX