10-K 1 eqr-10k_20171231.htm 10-K eqr-10k_20171231.htm Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended DECEMBER 31, 2017 OR For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 1-12252 (Equity Residential) Commission File Number: 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Equity Residential) Units of Limited Partnership Interest (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) (Title of each class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Equity Residential ☐ ERP Operating Limited Partnership ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $23.8 billion based upon the closing price on June 30, 2017 of $65.83 using beneficial ownership of shares rules adopted pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude voting shares owned by Trustees and Executive Officers, some of whom may not be held to be affiliates upon judicial determination. The number of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value, outstanding on February 16, 2018 was 368,169,571. Table of Contents DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III incorporates by reference certain information that will be contained in Equity Residential’s Proxy Statement relating to its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which Equity Residential intends to file no later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and thus these items have been omitted in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Equity Residential is the general partner and 96.4% owner of ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 2 Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “EQR” mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “ERPOP” mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. The following chart illustrates the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s corporate structure: EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2017 owned an approximate 96.4% ownership interest in, ERPOP. The remaining 3.6% interest is owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP’s day-to-day management. Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of EQR consists of the same members as the management of ERPOP. The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT (“UPREIT”) and EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units (see definition below) in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering. The Company may acquire properties in transactions that include the issuance of OP Units as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. This is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner shown above. Based on the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged with Common Shares on a one-for-one basis because the Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units of ERPOP issued to EQR and the outstanding Common Shares. The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of EQR and ERPOP into this single report provides the following benefits: 3 Table of Contents The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between EQR and ERPOP in the context of how EQR and ERPOP operate as a consolidated company. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR’s primary function is acting as the general partner of ERPOP. EQR also issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, and guarantees certain debt of ERPOP, as disclosed in this report. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by EQR, which are contributed to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional partnership interests in ERPOP (“OP Units”) (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or additional preference units in ERPOP (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company’s business. These sources include the Operating Partnership’s working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and joint venture interests. Shareholders’ equity, partners’ capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners’ capital in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in the Company’s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships. The noncontrolling interests in the Company’s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership level and limited partner OP Unit holders of the Operating Partnership. The differences between shareholders’ equity and partners’ capital result from differences in the equity issued at the Company and Operating Partnership levels. To help investors understand the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report provides separate consolidated financial statements for the Company and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of each entity’s debt, noncontrolling interests and shareholders’ equity or partners’ capital, as applicable; and a combined Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section that includes discrete information related to each entity. This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350. In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of ERPOP, EQR consolidates ERPOP for financial reporting purposes, and EQR essentially has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. 4 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP TABLE OF CONTENTS 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Equity Residential (“EQR”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993, is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of rental apartment properties in urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”), an Illinois limited partnership, was formed in May 1993 to conduct the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential. EQR has elected to be taxed as a REIT. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. Unless otherwise indicated, the notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both the Company and the Operating Partnership. EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2017 owned an approximate 96.4% ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues public equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates property management offices in each of its coastal gateway markets. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had approximately 2,700 employees who provided real estate operations, leasing, legal, financial, accounting, acquisition, disposition, development and other support functions. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Available Information You may access our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to any of those reports we file with the SEC free of charge on our website, www.equityapartments.com . These reports are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the SEC. The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this report. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies The Company invests in apartment communities located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of maximizing our risk adjusted total return (operating income plus capital appreciation) on invested capital. We seek to maximize the income and capital appreciation of our properties by investing in markets that are characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property operations and appreciation. We are focused on the coastal gateway markets of Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle. These markets generally feature one or more of the following characteristics that allow us to increase rents: 6 Table of Contents We believe our strategy also capitalizes on the increasing preference of renters of all ages to live in the urban core of cities or dense suburban locations near transit, entertainment and cultural amenities. Millennials, the approximately 78 million people born between 1981 and 2000, are a prime apartment rental demographic. Reports also show a growing trend among aging Baby Boomers, a demographic of more than 76 million people born between 1946 and 1964, toward apartment rentals. We believe that both groups appreciate the locational values described above as well as the flexibility that rental apartments offer. Our operating focus is on balancing occupancy and rental rates to maximize our revenue while exercising tight cost control to generate the highest possible return to our shareholders. Revenue is maximized by attracting qualified prospects to our properties, cost-effectively converting these prospects into new residents and keeping our residents satisfied so they will renew their leases upon expiration. While we believe that it is our high-quality, well-located assets that bring our customers to us, it is the customer service and superior value provided by our on-site personnel that keeps them renting with us and recommending us to their friends. We use technology to engage our customers in the way that they want to be engaged. Many of our residents utilize our web-based resident portal which allows them to sign and renew their leases, review their accounts and make payments, provide feedback and make service requests on-line. Acquisitions and developments may be financed from various sources of capital, which may include retained cash flow, issuance of additional equity and debt, sales of properties and joint venture arrangements. In addition, the Company may acquire properties in transactions that include OP Units as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer, in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. As part of its strategy, the Company purchases completed and fully occupied apartment properties, partially completed or partially occupied properties and may acquire land parcels to hold and/or sell based on market opportunities as well as options to buy more land in the future. The Company may also seek to acquire properties by purchasing defaulted or distressed debt that encumbers desirable properties in the hope of obtaining title to property through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure proceedings. Over the past several years, the Company has done an extensive repositioning of its portfolio into urban and highly walkable, close-in suburban assets. Since 2005, the Company has sold approximately 199,000 apartment units primarily located in the less dense portion of suburban markets for an aggregate sales price of approximately $23.8 billion, acquired nearly 70,000 apartment units primarily located in urban and high-density suburban markets for approximately $20.5 billion and began approximately $5.9 billion of development projects primarily located in urban and high-density suburban markets. We are currently seeking to acquire and develop assets in the following coastal gateway metropolitan areas: Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Southern California, San Francisco and Seattle. We endeavor to provide a richly diverse work environment that employs the highest performers, cultivates the best ideas and creates the widest possible platform for success. We are committed to elevating and supporting the core values of diversity and inclusion, total well-being (which brings together physical, financial, career, social and community well-being into a cohesive whole), and environmental, social and governance ("ESG"), which includes sustainability and social responsibility, by actively engaging in these areas. Each member of the executive team maintains an annual goal related to these core values. Our goal is to create and sustain an inclusive environment where diversity will thrive, employees will want to work and residents will want to live. We are committed to providing our employees with encouragement, guidance, time and resources to learn and apply the skills required to succeed in their jobs. We provide many classroom and on-line training courses to assist our employees in interacting with prospects and residents as well as extensive training for our customer service specialists in maintaining our properties and improvements, equipment and appliances. We actively promote from within and many senior corporate and property leaders have risen from entry level or junior positions. We monitor our employees' engagement by surveying them annually and find most employees say they are proud to work at the Company, value one another as colleagues, believe in our mission and values and feel their skills meet their job requirements. We have a commitment to sustainability and consider the environmental impacts of our business activities. Sustainability and social responsibility are key drivers of our focus on creating the best apartment communities for residents to live, work and play. We have a dedicated in-house team that initiates and applies sustainable practices in all aspects of our business, including investment activities, development, property operations and property management activities. With its high density, multifamily 7 Table of Contents housing is, by its nature, an environmentally friendly property type. Our recent acquisition and development activities have been primarily concentrated in pedestrian-friendly urban and close-in suburban locations near public transportation. When developing and renovating our properties, we strive to reduce energy and water consumption by investing in energy saving technology while positively impacting the experience of our residents and the value of our assets. We continue to implement a combination of irrigation, lighting, HVAC and renewable energy improvements at our properties that will reduce energy and water consumption. The Company was named the 2017 Global Residential Listed Sector Leader in ESG by GRESB, a globally recognized analysis of the ESG indicators of more than 800 real estate portfolios worldwide. The Company was also recently awarded the 2017 Residential Leader in the Light award for sustainability by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”). For additional information regarding our sustainability efforts, see our December 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Report at our website, www.equityapartments.com . This report was reviewed and approved by the Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Trustees, which monitors the Company’s ongoing ESG efforts. For 2018, we continue to have an express company-wide goal regarding enhanced ESG efforts. Employees, including our executives, will have their performance against our various ESG goals evaluated as part of our annual performance review process. Please refer to Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for the Company’s Results of Operations and Liquidity. Starwood Transaction The Company executed an agreement with controlled affiliates of Starwood Capital Group (“Starwood”) on October 23, 2015 to sell a portfolio of 72 operating properties consisting of 23,262 apartment units located in five markets across the United States for $5.365 billion (the “Starwood Transaction” or “Starwood Portfolio”). On January 26 and 27, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of the entire portfolio described above. The sale of the Starwood Portfolio, combined with the other 2016 dispositions, resulted in the Company’s exit from the South Florida, Denver and New England (excluding Boston) markets and substantially completed the Company’s portfolio transformation which started approximately ten years ago. These sales narrowed the Company’s focus, which is now entirely directed towards our coastal gateway markets. The Company used the majority of the proceeds from the Starwood Transaction and other 2016 dispositions to pay two special dividends to its shareholders and holders of OP Units of $11.00 per share/unit in the aggregate, consisting of special dividends of $8.00 per share/unit (approximately $3.0 billion) on March 10, 2016 and $3.00 per share/unit (approximately $1.1 billion) on October 14, 2016. The Company used the majority of the remaining proceeds to reduce aggregate indebtedness in order to make the transaction leverage neutral. The Company retired approximately $2.0 billion in secured and unsecured debt, the majority of which was scheduled to mature in 2016 and 2017, which improved the Company’s already strong credit metrics. Competition All of the Company’s properties are located in developed areas that include other multifamily properties. The number of competitive multifamily properties in a particular area could have a material effect on the Company’s ability to lease apartment units at its properties and on the rents charged. The Company may be competing with other entities that have greater resources than the Company and whose managers have more experience than the Company’s managers. In addition, other forms of rental properties and single family housing provide housing alternatives to potential residents of multifamily properties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information with respect to competition. Environmental Considerations See Item 1A. Risk Factors for information concerning the potential effects of environmental regulations on our operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors General References to “EQR” mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “ERPOP” mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership. Unless otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP and the term “Operating Partnership” means collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to 8 Table of Contents our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt. In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our “securities” and the investors who own such securities as our “security holders”. Our performance and securities value are subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. General Real estate investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively illiquid. Numerous factors may adversely affect the economic performance and value of our properties and the ability to realize that value. These factors include changes in the global, national, regional and local political and economic climates, local conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to residents, competition from other multifamily properties and single family homes (both as rentals and owned housing) and changes in market rental rates. Our performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, all of which could increase over time. Besides utilities, we are generally not able to pass through to our residents under existing leases any other operating expenses, including real estate taxes. These operating expenses could rise faster than our revenues causing our income to decline. In circumstances where we buy or sell properties, including large portfolios of properties, overhead (property management expense and general and administrative expense) may not increase/decrease proportionally with the associated changes in revenue. Costs of labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated. Also, the expenses of owning and operating a property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the property. We may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. When our residents decide to leave our apartments, we may not be able to relet their apartment units. Even if the residents do renew or we can relet the apartment units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable than current lease terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. If residents do not experience increases in their income, we may be unable to increase rent and/or delinquencies may increase. Occupancy levels and market rents may be adversely affected by national and local political, economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and owned housing/condominiums, increasing portions of owned housing/condominium stock being converted to rental use, rental housing subsidized by the government, other government programs that favor single family rental housing or owner occupied housing over multifamily rental housing, governmental regulations, slow or negative employment growth and household formation, the availability of low-interest mortgages or the availability of mortgages requiring little or no down payment for single family home buyers, changes in social preferences and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond our control. Finally, the federal government’s policies, many of which may encourage home ownership, can increase competition, possibly limit our ability to raise rents in our markets and lower the value of our properties. Consequently, our cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security holders could be reduced. The retail/commercial space (including parking garages) at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents and neighbors. The long-term nature of our retail/commercial leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our retail/commercial tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates. Also, when leases for our existing retail/commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Our properties compete with other properties with retail/commercial space. The presence of competitive alternatives may affect our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. If our retail/commercial tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. The revenues from our retail/commercial space represent approximately 4.6% of our total rental income. 9 Table of Contents Changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations and eviction laws and regulations in our markets could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. Various state and local governments have enacted and may continue to enact rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions which could limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees such as pet fees or application fees. We have seen a recent increase in governments considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations. For example, California may have a ballot measure in November 2018 that would seek to repeal an existing state law that limits the ability of local governments to enact some forms of rent control. Depending on the extent and terms of future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, as well as any lawsuits against the Company arising from such issues, such future enactments could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and the value of our properties. State and local governments may also make changes to eviction and other tenants’ rights laws and regulations that could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values. Under current laws and regulations, eviction proceedings for delinquent residents are already costly and time-consuming, especially in markets like New York where housing courts are backlogged. If we are restricted from releasing apartment units due to the inability to evict delinquent residents, our results of operations and property values may be adversely impacted. We have increased our concentration of properties in our coastal gateway markets, which could have an adverse effect on our operations if a particular market is adversely affected by economic or other conditions. Over approximately the past ten years, the Company has exited its non-core markets as part of its strategy to reposition its portfolio, leaving the Company highly concentrated in its urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets. If any one or more of these markets (Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Southern California, San Francisco and Seattle) is adversely affected by local or regional economic conditions (such as business layoffs, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors), local real estate conditions (such as oversupply of or reduced demand for multifamily properties) or localized environmental issues or natural disasters, such conditions may have an increased adverse impact on our results of operations than if our portfolio were more geographically diverse. Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. We may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions. We may be unable to consummate such dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all. This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to make distributions to our security holders. New acquisitions, development projects and/or renovations may fail to perform as expected and competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties that we would like to acquire. We intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate. We may also acquire multifamily properties that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease-up. We may be unable to lease these apartment properties on schedule, resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues and/or lower yields due to lower occupancy and rental rates as well as higher than expected concessions or higher than expected operating expenses. We may not be able to achieve rents that are consistent with expectations for acquired, developed or renovated properties. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position, to complete a development property or to complete a renovation. Additionally, we expect that other real estate investors with capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. This competition (or lack thereof) may increase (or depress) prices for multifamily properties. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties, including large portfolios of properties, that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. The total number of apartment units under development, costs of development and estimated completion dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation. In connection with such government regulation, we may incur liability if our properties are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. 10 Table of Contents Development and construction risks could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop multifamily properties. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban and close-in suburban areas. We may abandon opportunities (including land that we have optioned for purchase) that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses or option payments already incurred in exploring those opportunities. The occupancy rates and rents at a property may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing properties. We may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities. We own certain properties subject to ground leases that may limit our use of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us, terminated or lapse. The Company owns the building and improvements and leases the land underlying the improvements under several long-term ground leases. These ground leases may impose limitations on our use of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable residents for the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the properties if the ground leases are breached by us, terminated or lapse. As we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease without an extension in place. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on our joint venture partners’ financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners. We currently do and may continue in the future to develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when we believe circumstances warrant the use of such structures. We have several joint ventures with other real estate investors. Joint venture investments involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following: At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners. We also have in the past and could choose in the future to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt. Frequently, we and our partners may 11 Table of Contents each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners’ interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate and recognize attractive returns on our joint venture investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and distributions to our shareholders. Several of the assets we acquired in the Archstone transaction along with certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures as part of the Archstone transaction, as well as certain other tax protected properties we have acquired over the years, are subject to tax protection agreements, which could limit our flexibility with respect to our ownership of such assets or cause us to incur material costs. Several of the assets we acquired from Archstone Enterprise LP (“Archstone”) in February 2013 are subject to various agreements limiting the ability of the owner of the property to take actions that would trigger income tax liability for the contributing owner of the property, including a taxable disposition of the property. We assumed these obligations upon the completion of the Archstone transaction. In addition, we will also be required to maintain a certain amount of qualified nonrecourse financing on the tax protected properties during their respective restricted periods. Our obligations relating to these tax protected properties (as well as certain other tax protected properties we have acquired over the years) may affect the way in which we conduct our business, including whether, when and under what circumstances we sell properties or interests therein and the timing and nature of our financings and refinancing transactions. As a result, we may not be able to dispose of or refinance the tax protected properties when to do so may have otherwise been favorable to us and our shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Certain preferred interests acquired in joint ventures as part of the Archstone transaction have complex tax requirements that, if violated, may cause us to be required to indemnify the preferred shareholders or our joint venture partner for certain tax protection costs. Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares. The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange, on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares could be similarly volatile, and investors in our Common Shares may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including but not limited to the following: 12 Table of Contents Issuances or sales of our Common Shares may be dilutive. The issuance or sale of substantial amounts of our Common Shares, whether directly by us or in the secondary market, the perception that such issuances or sales of our Common Shares could occur or the availability for future issuance or sale of our Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Common Shares could have a dilutive effect on our actual and expected earnings per share, FFO per share and Normalized FFO per share. The actual amount of dilution cannot be determined at this time and would be dependent upon numerous factors which are not currently known to us. We may not have sufficient cash flows from operations after capital expenditures to cover our distributions and our dividend policy may lead to quicker dividend reductions. We generally consider our cash flows provided by operating activities after capital expenditures to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payment of regular distributions to our security holders. However, whether due to changes in the dividend policy or otherwise, there may be times when we experience shortfalls in our coverage of distributions, which may cause us to consider reducing our distributions and/or using the proceeds from property dispositions or additional financing transactions to make up the difference. Should these shortfalls occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, our financial condition may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain our current distribution levels. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional discussion regarding our dividend policy. The value of investment securities could result in losses to the Company. From time to time, the Company holds investment securities and/or cash investments that have various levels of repayment and liquidity risk, including government obligations and bond funds, money market funds or bank deposits. On occasion we also may purchase securities of companies in our own industry as a means to invest funds. There may be times when we experience declines in the value of these investment securities, which may result in losses to the Company and our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. Sometimes the cash we deposit at a bank substantially exceeds the FDIC insurance limit or we invest cash in money market or similar type funds with investment management institutions that may be subject to, now or in the future, liquidity and/or withdrawal restrictions, resulting in risk to the Company of loss or lack of immediate availability of funds if these banks or institutions fail to meet their obligations. Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our share price. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our share price. The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, including information regarding our residents, prospective residents, employees and employees’ dependents. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems and systems maintained by third party vendors with which we do business are vulnerable to damage from any number of sources. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, phishing attempts or other scams, persons inside our organization or persons/vendors with access to our systems and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. We collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our employees and their dependents. In 13 Table of Contents addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information technology networks and related systems and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. We address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others): (a) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems; (b) conducting periodic testing and verification of information and data security systems, including performing ethical hacks of our systems to discover where any vulnerabilities may exist; and (c) providing periodic employee awareness training around phishing and other scams, malware and other cyber risks. We also maintain cyber risk insurance to provide some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches (see further discussion on cyber risk insurance below). However, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent a cyber incident or that our cyber risk insurance coverage will be sufficient in the event of a cyber incident. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the function of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose residents and revenues, generate third party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifiable and confidential information and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers, our insurers or any other responsible parties. As a result, there can be no assurance that our financial results would not be adversely impacted. Litigation risk could affect our business. We may become involved in legal proceedings, including but not limited to, proceedings related to consumer, shareholder, securities, employment, environmental, development, condominium conversion, tort, eviction and commercial legal issues (any of which could result in a class action lawsuit) that, if decided adversely to or settled by us, could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations. Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at such property. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Substantially all of our properties have been the subject of environmental assessments completed by qualified independent environmental consulting companies. While these environmental assessments have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that our management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future. We are aware that some of our properties have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those properties. While we do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of lead paint at our properties, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future. There have been a number of lawsuits against owners and managers of multifamily properties alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. While we have adopted programs designed to minimize the existence of mold in any of our properties as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold to minimize any impact mold might have on our residents or the property, should mold become an issue in the future, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 14 Table of Contents We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties. Insurance policies can be costly and may not cover all losses, which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s property insurance policies provide for a per occurrence deductible of $250,000. Earthquake losses are subject to a 2% deductible in the state of Washington and a 5% deductible in California, applied to the values of the buildings involved in the loss. The Company also typically self-insures a substantial portion of the first $50 million of a property loss in excess of these base deductibles. Should a claim exceed these amounts, it would be 100% covered by insurance. Furthermore, the Company purchased additional coverage in the event that the Company suffers multiple non-catastrophic occurrences with losses from $25 million to $50 million within the same policy year. The Company’s general liability and worker’s compensation policies at December 31, 2017 provide for a $2.0 million and $1.0 million per occurrence deductible, respectively. These higher deductible and self-insured retention amounts do expose the Company to greater potential for uninsured losses. The Company also has become more susceptible to large losses as it has transformed its portfolio, becoming more concentrated in fewer, more valuable assets over a smaller geographical footprint. Furthermore, the potential impact of climate change, increased severe weather or earthquakes could cause a significant increase in insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage, either of which could expose the Company to even greater uninsured losses which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. The Company also has $750.0 million in terrorism insurance coverage, with a $100,000 deductible. This coverage excludes losses from nuclear, biological and chemical attacks. In the event of a terrorist attack impacting one or more of our properties, we could lose the revenues from the property, our capital investment in the property and possibly face liability claims from residents or others suffering injuries or losses. As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s cyber liability insurance policy provides for a $5.0 million policy aggregate limit and a per occurrence deductible of $250,000. Cyber liability insurance generally covers costs associated with the wrongful release, through inadvertent breach or network attack, of personally identifiable information such as social security or credit card numbers. This cyber policy would cover the cost of victim notification, credit monitoring and other crisis response expenses. The Company relies on third party insurance providers for its property, general liability and worker’s compensation insurance. While there has yet to be any non-performance by these major insurance providers, should any of them experience liquidity issues or other financial distress, it could negatively impact the Company. In addition, the Company annually assesses its insurance needs based on the cost of coverage and other factors. We may choose to self insure a greater portion of this risk in the future or may choose to have higher deductibles or lesser policy terms. Damage from catastrophic weather and other natural events and climate change could result in losses to the Company. Certain of our properties are located in areas that may experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time, including fires, snow or ice storms, windstorms or hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding or other severe weather. These adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed our insurance coverage. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. We could also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue. 15 Table of Contents The inability of Lehman to fulfill its indemnification obligations to us under the purchase agreement for the Archstone transaction could increase our liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to certain indemnification obligations of each party to the purchase agreement for the Archstone transaction relating to breaches of fundamental representations and warranties and breaches of covenants and certain other specified matters, we negotiated as a term in the purchase agreement that Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (“Lehman”) retain responsibility for and indemnify us against damages resulting from certain third-party claims or other liabilities. These third-party claims and other liabilities include, without limitation, costs associated with various litigation matters. Lehman filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in September 2008 and is currently in the process of post-petition liquidation. If Lehman completes its liquidation prior to the termination of their indemnity obligations to us under the purchase agreement, or otherwise distributes substantially all of its assets to its creditors prior to such time, Lehman may not be able to satisfy its obligations with respect to claims and retained liabilities covered by the purchase agreement. The failure of Lehman to satisfy such obligations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition because claimants may successfully assert that we are liable for those claims and/or retained liabilities. In addition, certain obligations of Lehman to indemnify us terminated upon expiration of the applicable indemnification period (generally no more than four years following the closing or February 27, 2017). The assertion of third-party claims after the expiration of the applicable indemnification period, or the failure of Lehman to satisfy its indemnification obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Non-performance by our operating counterparties could adversely affect our performance. We have relationships with and, from time to time, we execute transactions with or receive services from many counterparties. As a result, defaults by counterparties could result in services not being provided, or volatility in the financial markets could affect counterparties’ ability to complete transactions with us as intended, both of which could result in disruptions to our operations that may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Debt financing and preferred shares/preference units could adversely affect our performance. General Please refer to Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for the Company’s debt summaries as of December 31, 2017. In addition to debt, we have a liquidation value of $37.3 million of outstanding preferred shares of beneficial interest/preference units with a dividend preference of 8.29% per annum as of December 31, 2017. Our use of debt and preferred equity financing creates certain risks, including the following: Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions. Dislocations and liquidity disruptions in capital and credit markets could impact liquidity in the debt markets, resulting in financing terms that are less attractive to us and/or the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. Should the capital and credit markets experience volatility and the availability of funds again become limited, or be available only on unattractive terms, we will incur increased costs associated with issuing debt instruments. In addition, it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited or precluded by these or other factors at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which would adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions. Uncertainty in the credit markets could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions and make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Potential continued disruptions in the financial markets could also have other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy generally and may cause the price of our securities to fluctuate significantly and/or to decline. Potential reforms to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could adversely affect our performance. Through their lender originator networks, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the “Government Sponsored Enterprises” or “GSEs”) are significant lenders and enhancers of tax-exempt bonds both to the Company and to buyers of the Company’s properties. The GSEs have a mandate to support multifamily housing through their financing activities. Any changes to their mandates, reductions in their size or the scale of their activities or loss of key personnel could have an impact on the Company and may, among other things, lead to lower values for our assets and higher interest rates on our secured borrowings. Disruptions in the floating rate tax-exempt bond market (where interest rates reset weekly) and in the credit market’s perception of the GSEs, which guarantee and provide liquidity for many of these bonds, have been experienced in the past and may be experienced in the future and could result in an increase in interest rates on our tax-exempt debt obligations. These bonds could 16 Table of Contents also be put to our consolidated subsidiaries if the GSEs fail to satisfy their guaranty obligations. While this obligation is in almost all cases non-recourse to us, this could cause the Company to have to repay these obligations on short notice or risk foreclosure actions on the collateralized assets. Non-performance by our financial counterparties could adversely affect our performance. Although we have not experienced any material counterparty non-performance, disruptions in financial and credit markets could, among other things, impede the ability of our counterparties to perform on their contractual obligations. There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to lend us varying amounts as part of our revolving credit facility. Should any of these institutions fail to fund their committed amounts when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Should several of these institutions fail to fund, we could experience significant financial distress. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the revolving credit facility, would cause our borrowing costs to increase under the revolving credit facility, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital. In addition, a downgrade below investment grade would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders’ requirements at the lower ratings level. Scheduled debt payments could adversely affect our financial condition. In the future, our cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest or to pay distributions on our securities at expected levels. We may not be able to refinance existing debt, including joint venture indebtedness (which in virtually all cases requires substantial principal payments at maturity) and, if we can, the terms of such refinancing might not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or paid with proceeds of other capital transactions, such as new equity capital, our operating cash flow will not be sufficient in all years to repay all maturing debt. As a result, certain of our other debt may cross default, we may be forced to postpone capital expenditures necessary for the maintenance of our properties, we may have to dispose of one or more properties on terms that would otherwise be unacceptable to us or we may be forced to allow the mortgage holder to foreclose on a property. Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to refinance existing indebtedness would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Please refer to Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for the Company’s debt maturity schedule as of December 31, 2017. Financial covenants could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition. The mortgages on our properties may contain customary negative covenants that, among other things, limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the property and to reduce or change insurance coverage. In addition, our revolving credit facility contains certain restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur debt. The indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued also contain certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios, as well as limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt (including acquisition financing), and to sell all or substantially all of our assets. Our revolving credit facility and indentures are cross-defaulted and also contain cross default provisions with other material debt. While the Company believes it was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, should it fall out of compliance, it would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Some of the properties were financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain certain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements. The Company, and from time to time its consultants, monitor compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties. If these compliance requirements restrict our ability to increase our rental rates to low or moderate-income residents, or eligible/qualified residents, then our income from these properties may be limited. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. 17 Table of Contents Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing. Our degree of leverage could have important consequences to security holders. For example, the degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes, making us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy in general. Our consolidated debt-to-total market capitalization ratio was 26.9% as of December 31, 2017. In addition, our most restrictive unsecured public debt covenants are as follows: Rising interest rates could adversely affect our operations and cash flows. ​The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to the refinancing of its long-term debt and floating interest rate instruments that include its unsecured revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, floating rate tax-exempt debt and fair value hedges that convert fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. These exposures to interest rates are primarily driven by changes in long-term U.S. Treasury rates for refinancing activity, changes in short-term London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) borrowing rates and the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (“SIFMA”) index for floating rate debt and changes in commercial paper market conditions. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these debt instruments and would increase the costs of refinancing existing debt and of issuing new debt. Accordingly, higher interest rates could adversely affect our operations and cash flows and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to security holders. Derivatives and hedging activity could adversely affect cash flow. In the normal course of business, we use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on debt instruments, including hedging for future debt issuances. At other times we may utilize derivatives to increase our exposure to floating interest rates. We may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of our business. There can be no assurance that these hedging arrangements will have the desired beneficial impact. These arrangements, which can include a number of counterparties, may expose us to additional risks, including failure of any of our counterparties to perform under these contracts, and may involve extensive costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate them. No strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate or commodity pricing fluctuations. We depend on our key personnel. We depend on the efforts of the Chairman of our Board of Trustees, Samuel Zell, and our executive officers, particularly David J. Neithercut, our President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). If they resign or otherwise cease to be employed by us, our operations could be temporarily adversely affected. Mr. Zell has entered into retirement benefit and noncompetition agreements with the Company. Shareholders’ ability to effect changes in control of the Company is limited. Provisions of our declaration of trust and bylaws could inhibit changes in control. Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or other transactions that could provide the security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders. This includes the 5% Ownership Limit described below. While our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have these provisions, any future series of preferred shares/preference units may have certain voting provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. Our Bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities. These requirements could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders. 18 Table of Contents We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes. To remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than 5% of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares. We refer to this restriction as the “Ownership Limit.” Absent any exemption or waiver granted by our Board of Trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the Ownership Limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder’s rights to distributions and to vote would terminate. A transfer of Shares may be void if it causes a person to violate the Ownership Limit. The Ownership Limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could adversely affect our security holders’ ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their Shares. To reduce the ability of the Board to use the Ownership Limit as an anti-takeover device, the Company’s Ownership Limit requires, rather than permits, the Board to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company’s status as a REIT. We have issued several of these waivers in the past. Our preferred shares may affect changes in control. Our Declaration of Trust authorizes the Board of Trustees to issue up to 100 million preferred shares, and to establish the preferences and rights (including the right to vote and the right to convert into common shares) of any preferred shares issued. The Board of Trustees may use its powers to issue preferred shares and to set the terms of such securities to delay or prevent a change in control of the Company, even if a change in control were in the interest of security holders. Inapplicability of Maryland law limiting certain changes in control. Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to real estate investment trusts prohibit “business combinations” (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an affiliate who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting securities (an “Interested Shareholder”), or with an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder. After the five-year period, a business combination with an Interested Shareholder must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the Interested Shareholder for its common shares. As permitted by Maryland law, however, the Board of Trustees of the Company has opted out of these restrictions with respect to any business combination involving Mr. Zell and certain of his affiliates and persons acting in concert with them. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to a business combination involving us and/or any of them. Such business combinations may not be in the best interest of our security holders. Our status as a REIT is dependent on compliance with federal income tax requirements. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders. We believe that we have qualified for taxation as a REIT for federal income tax purposes since our taxable year ended December 31, 1992 based, in part, upon opinions of tax counsel received whenever we have issued equity securities or engaged in significant merger transactions. We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. For example, to qualify as a REIT, our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. The fact that we hold our assets through the Operating Partnership further complicates the application of the REIT requirements. In addition, certain of our subsidiary entities have elected to be taxed as REITs. As such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for REIT status. Our failure to comply with the complex REIT rules at the subsidiary REIT level can materially and adversely impact EQR’s REIT status. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status; however, the REIT qualification rules permit REITs in certain circumstances to pay a monetary penalty for inadvertent mistakes rather than lose REIT status. There is also risk that Congress and the IRS might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult, or impossible, for us to remain qualified as a REIT. We do not believe, however, that any pending or proposed tax law changes would jeopardize our REIT status. 19 Table of Contents If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the IRS granted us relief under certain statutory provisions, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would have to pay significant income taxes. We therefore would have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities. In addition, we would no longer be required to make any distributions to security holders. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we are and will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. In addition, various business activities which generate income that is not qualifying income for a REIT are conducted through taxable REIT subsidiaries and will be subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent they generate taxable income. The effect of the Tax Act is uncertain. On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law H.R. 1, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), with most provisions having an initial effective date of January 1, 2018. The Tax Act makes major changes to the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, including several provisions that may affect the taxation of REITs and their security holders. The Tax Act is not expected to have a material impact on our REIT or subsidiary entities, the size and character of our dividends, our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT or on our results of operations. In addition, the Tax Act is expected to have a favorable impact on the effective tax rate of our shareholders and our residents. However, the complete impact of the Tax Act is not yet fully known and there can be no assurances that it will have a neutral or favorable impact. Technical corrections or other amendments to the Tax Act or administrative guidance interpreting the Tax Act may be forthcoming at any time. Prospective and current shareholders should consult with their tax advisors with respect to the effect of the Tax Act and any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on your investment. We could be disqualified as a REIT or have to pay taxes if our merger partners did not qualify as REITs. If any of our prior merger partners had failed to qualify as a REIT throughout the duration of their existence, then they might have had undistributed “Subchapter C corporation earnings and profits” at the time of their merger with us. If that were the case and we did not distribute those earnings and profits prior to the end of the year in which the merger took place, we might not qualify as a REIT. We believe, based in part upon opinions of legal counsel received pursuant to the terms of our merger agreements as well as our own investigations, among other things, that each of our prior merger partners qualified as a REIT and that, in any event, none of them had any undistributed “Subchapter C corporation earnings and profits” at the time of their merger with us. If any of our prior merger partners failed to qualify as a REIT, an additional concern would be that they could have been required to recognize taxable gain at the time they merged with us. We would be liable for the tax on such gain. We also could have to pay corporate income tax on any gain existing at the time of the applicable merger on assets acquired in the merger if the assets are sold within ten years of the merger. Compliance with REIT distribution requirements may affect our financial condition and our shareholders’ liquidity. Distribution requirements may limit our flexibility to manage our portfolio. We may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received. We may incur a reduction in tax depreciation without a reduction in capital expenditures. Provisions of the Tax Act may require that we depreciate existing assets over a 30-year or potentially a 40-year useful life, which may substantially increase our taxable income. In addition, gain from the sale of property may exceed the amount of cash received on a leverage-neutral basis. A substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the Company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties in non-1031 exchange transactions or cause the Company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on adverse terms in order to meet these distribution requirements. Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company or our shareholders. Under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making again in the future, a tax election to treat future distributions to shareholders as distributions in the current year. This election, which is provided for in the Internal Revenue Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year. However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. The Internal Revenue Service has published several rulings that allow REITs to offer shareholders the choice of stock or cash with respect to the receipt of a dividend (an “elective stock dividend”). However, REITs are also permitted to limit the amount of cash paid to all shareholders to 20% of the total dividend paid. Therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder. 20 Table of Contents Federal Income Tax Considerations General The following discussion summarizes the federal income tax considerations material to a holder of common shares. It is not exhaustive of all possible tax considerations. For example, it does not give a detailed discussion of any state, local or foreign tax considerations. The following discussion also does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to prospective shareholders in light of their particular circumstances. Moreover, it does not address all tax matters that may be relevant to shareholders who are subject to special treatment under the tax laws, such as insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers, foreign corporations, persons who are not citizens or residents of the United States and persons who own shares through a partnership or other entity treated as a flow-through entity for federal income tax purposes. The specific tax attributes of a particular shareholder could have a material impact on the tax considerations associated with the purchase, ownership and disposition of common shares. Therefore, it is essential that each prospective shareholder consult with his or her own tax advisors with regard to the application of the federal income tax laws to the shareholder’s personal tax situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction. The information in this section is based on the current Internal Revenue Code, current, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, the legislative history of the Internal Revenue Code, current administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service, including its practices and policies as set forth in private letter rulings, which are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service, and existing court decisions. Future legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions could change current law or adversely affect existing interpretations of current law. Any change could apply retroactively. Thus, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service could challenge the statements in this discussion, which do not bind the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and that a court could agree with the Internal Revenue Service. Our taxation We elected REIT status beginning with the year that ended December 31, 1992. In any year in which we qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our REIT taxable income or capital gain that we distribute to our shareholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that applies to most corporations, which pay a tax on their income and then distribute dividends to shareholders who are in turn taxed on the amount they receive. We elected taxable REIT subsidiary status for certain of our corporate subsidiaries engaged in activities which cannot be performed directly by a REIT, such as condominium conversion and sale activities. As a result, we will be subject to federal income tax on the taxable income generated by these activities in our taxable REIT subsidiaries. We will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates upon our REIT taxable income or capital gains that we do not distribute to our shareholders. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax if we do not satisfy specific REIT distribution requirements. For tax years prior to January 1, 2018, we could also be subject to the “alternative minimum tax” on our items of tax preference; pursuant to the Tax Act, for tax years beginning January 1, 2018, the corporate alternative minimum tax has been permanently eliminated. In addition, any net income from “prohibited transactions” (i.e., dispositions of property, other than property held by a taxable REIT subsidiary, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business) will be subject to a 100% tax. We could also be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain payments received from or on certain expenses deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary if any such transaction is not respected by the Internal Revenue Service. If we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test (described below) but have maintained our qualification as a REIT because we satisfied certain other requirements, we will still generally be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the taxable income attributable to the gross income that caused the income test failure. If we fail to satisfy any of the REIT asset tests (described below) by more than a de minimis amount, due to reasonable cause, and we nonetheless maintain our REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest marginal corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets. If we fail to satisfy any provision of the Internal Revenue Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT (other than a violation of the REIT gross income or asset tests described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause, we may retain our REIT qualification but we will be required to pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure. Moreover, we may be subject to taxes in certain situations and on certain transactions that we do not presently contemplate. We believe that we have qualified as a REIT for all of our taxable years beginning with 1992. We also believe that our current structure and method of operation is such that we will continue to qualify as a REIT. However, given the complexity of the REIT qualification requirements, we cannot provide any assurance that the actual results of our operations have satisfied or will satisfy the requirements under the Internal Revenue Code for a particular year. 21 Table of Contents If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year and the relief provisions described herein do not apply, we will be subject to tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Also, for tax years prior to January 1, 2018, we may be subject to the corporate “alternative minimum tax.” As a result, our failure to qualify as a REIT would significantly reduce the cash we have available to distribute to our shareholders. Unless entitled to statutory relief, we would not be able to re-elect to be taxed as a REIT until our fifth taxable year after the year of disqualification. It is not possible to state whether we would be entitled to statutory relief. Our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend on our ability to satisfy various requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. We are required to satisfy these requirements on a continuing basis through actual annual operating and other results. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to operate in a manner so as to remain qualified as a REIT. Ownership of Taxable REIT Subsidiaries by Us . The Internal Revenue Code provides that REITs may own greater than ten percent of the voting power and value of the securities of a “taxable REIT subsidiary” or “TRS”, provided that the aggregate value of all of the TRS securities held by the REIT does not exceed 25% of the REIT’s total asset value (20% for taxable years beginning January 1, 2018). TRSs are corporations subject to tax as a regular “C” corporation that have elected, jointly with a REIT, to be a TRS. Generally, a taxable REIT subsidiary may own assets that cannot otherwise be owned by a REIT and can perform impermissible tenant services (discussed below), which would otherwise taint our rental income under the REIT income tests. However, the REIT will be obligated to pay a 100% penalty tax on some payments that we receive or on certain expenses deducted by our TRSs if the economic arrangements between us, our tenants and the TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. A TRS may also receive income from prohibited transactions without incurring the 100% federal income tax liability imposed on REITs. Income from prohibited transactions may include the purchase and sale of land, the purchase and sale of completed development properties and the sale of condominium units. TRSs pay federal and state income tax at the full applicable corporate rates. The amount of taxes paid on impermissible tenant services income and the sale of real estate held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business may be material in amount. The TRSs will attempt to reduce, if possible, the amount of these taxes, but we cannot guarantee whether, or the extent to which, measures taken to reduce these taxes will be successful. To the extent that these companies are required to pay taxes, less cash may be available for distributions to shareholders. Share Ownership Test and Organizational Requirement . In order to qualify as a REIT, our shares of beneficial interest must be held by a minimum of 100 persons for at least 335 days of a taxable year that is 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. Also, not more than 50% in value of our shares of beneficial interest may be owned directly or indirectly by applying certain constructive ownership rules, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of each taxable year. In addition, we must meet certain other organizational requirements, including, but not limited to, that (i) the beneficial ownership in us is evidenced by transferable shares and (ii) we are managed by one or more trustees. We believe that we have satisfied all of these tests and all other organizational requirements and that we will continue to do so in the future. In order to ensure compliance with the 100 person test and the 50% share ownership test discussed above, we have placed certain restrictions on the transfer of our shares that are intended to prevent further concentration of share ownership. However, such restrictions may not prevent us from failing these requirements, and thereby failing to qualify as a REIT. Gross Income Tests . To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests: To qualify as rents from real property for the purpose of satisfying the gross income tests, rental payments must generally be received from unrelated persons and not be based on the net income of the resident. Also, the rent attributable to personal property must not exceed 15% of the total rent. We may generally provide services to residents without “tainting” our rental income only if such services are “usually or customarily rendered” in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered “impermissible services”. If such services are impermissible, then we may generally provide them only if they are considered de minimis in amount, or are provided through an independent contractor from whom we derive no revenue and that meets other requirements, or through a taxable REIT subsidiary. We believe that services provided to residents by us either are usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of real property and not otherwise considered 22 Table of Contents impermissible, or, if considered impermissible services, will meet the de minimis test or will be provided by an independent contractor or taxable REIT subsidiary. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with these positions. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for the year if we are entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. In this case, a penalty tax would still be applicable as discussed above. Generally, it is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions and in the event these relief provisions do not apply, we will not qualify as a REIT. Asset Tests . In general, on the last day of each quarter of our taxable year, we must satisfy five tests relating to the nature of our assets: The 10% value test described in clause (3)(b) above does not apply to nonqualified publicly offered REIT debt instruments or to certain securities that fall within a safe harbor under the Code. Under the safe harbor, the following are not considered “securities” held by us for purposes of this 10% value test: (i) straight debt securities, (ii) any loan of an individual or an estate, (iii) certain rental agreements for the use of tangible property, (iv) any obligation to pay rents from real property, (v) any security issued by a state or any political subdivision thereof, foreign government or Puerto Rico only if the determination of any payment under such security is not based on the profits of another entity or payments on any obligation issued by such other entity, or (vi) any security issued by a REIT. The timing and payment of interest or principal on a security qualifying as straight debt may be subject to a contingency provided that (A) such contingency does not change the effective yield to maturity, not considering a de minimis change which does not exceed the greater of ¼ of 1% or 5% of the annual yield to maturity or we own $1,000,000 or less of the aggregate issue price or value of the particular issuer’s debt and not more than 12 months of unaccrued interest can be required to be prepaid or (B) the contingency is consistent with commercial practice and the contingency is effective upon a default or the exercise of a prepayment right by the issuer of the debt. If we hold indebtedness from any issuer, including a REIT, the indebtedness will be subject to, and may cause a violation of, the asset tests, unless it is a qualifying real estate asset or otherwise satisfies the above safe harbor. We currently own equity interests in certain entities that have elected to be taxed as REITs for federal income tax purposes and are not publicly traded. If any such entity were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not meet the 10% voting stock limitation and the 10% value limitation and we would, unless certain relief provisions applied, fail to qualify as a REIT. We believe that we and each of the REITs we own an interest in have and will comply with the foregoing asset tests for REIT qualification. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with our determinations. If we fail to satisfy the 5% or 10% asset tests described above after a 30-day cure period provided in the Internal Revenue Code, we will be deemed to have met such tests if the value of our non-qualifying assets is de minimis (i.e., does not exceed the lesser of 1% of the total value of our assets at the end of the applicable quarter or $10,000,000) and we dispose of the non-qualifying assets within six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered. For violations due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that are in excess of the de minimis exception described above, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT under any of the asset tests, after the 30-day cure period, by disposing of sufficient assets to meet the asset test within such six month period, paying a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets and disclosing certain information to the Internal Revenue Service. If we cannot avail ourselves of these relief provisions, or if we fail to timely cure any noncompliance with the asset tests, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. Annual Distribution Requirements . To qualify as a REIT, we are generally required to distribute dividends, other than capital gain dividends, to our shareholders each year in an amount at least equal to 90% of our REIT taxable income. These 23 Table of Contents distributions must be paid either in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for the prior year and if paid with or before the first regular dividend payment date after the declaration is made. We intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy our annual distribution requirements. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, as adjusted, we are subject to tax on these amounts at regular corporate rates. We will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the sum of amounts actually distributed and amounts retained for which federal income tax was paid, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of: (1) 85% of our REIT ordinary income for the year; (2) 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for the year; and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior taxable years. A REIT may elect to retain rather than distribute all or a portion of its net capital gains and pay the tax on the gains. In that case, a REIT may elect to have its shareholders include their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gains in income as long-term capital gains and receive a credit for their share of the tax paid by the REIT. For purposes of the 4% excise tax described above, any retained amounts would be treated as having been distributed. Ownership of Partnership Interests By Us . As a result of our ownership of the Operating Partnership, we will be considered to own and derive our proportionate share of the assets and items of income of the Operating Partnership, respectively, for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, including its share of assets and items of income of any subsidiaries that are partnerships or limited liability companies. State and Local Taxes . We may be subject to state or local taxation in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or reside. State and local tax treatment may not conform to the federal income tax treatment discussed above and any changes in the federal tax code may not be adopted by the states, potentially leading to material tax liabilities for the Company and its shareholders. In addition, state and local taxing jurisdictions may adopt new legislation or tax regimes which could significantly impact our tax liabilities or require the Company to withhold taxes from shareholders. Consequently, prospective shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of state and local tax laws on an investment in common shares. Taxation of domestic shareholders subject to U.S. tax General . If we qualify as a REIT, distributions made to our taxable domestic shareholders with respect to their common shares, other than capital gain distributions and distributions attributable to taxable REIT subsidiaries, will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the distributions come out of earnings and profits. These distributions will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction for shareholders that are corporations nor will they constitute “qualified dividend income” under the Internal Revenue Code, meaning that such dividends will be taxed at marginal rates applicable to ordinary income rather than the special capital gain rates currently applicable to qualified dividend income distributed to shareholders who satisfy applicable holding period requirements. In determining whether distributions are out of earnings and profits, we will allocate our earnings and profits first to preferred shares and second to the common shares. The portion of ordinary dividends which represent ordinary dividends we receive from a TRS, will be designated as “qualified dividend income” to REIT shareholders. These qualified dividends are eligible for preferential tax rates if paid to our non-corporate shareholders. To the extent we make distributions to our taxable domestic shareholders in excess of our earnings and profits, such distributions will be considered a return of capital. Such distributions will be treated as a tax-free distribution and will reduce the tax basis of a shareholder’s common shares by the amount of the distribution so treated. To the extent such distributions cumulatively exceed a taxable domestic shareholder’s tax basis, such distributions are taxable as gain from the sale of shares. Shareholders may not include in their individual income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. Dividends declared by a REIT in October, November, or December with a record date in such month, are deemed to have been paid by the REIT and received by its shareholders on December 31 of that year, so long as the dividends are actually paid during January of the following year. However, this treatment only applies to the extent of the REIT’s earnings and profits existing on December 31. To the extent the shareholder distributions paid in January exceed available earnings and profits as of December 31, the excess will be treated as a distribution taxable to shareholders in the year paid. As such, for tax reporting purposes, January distributions paid to our shareholders may be split between two tax years. A REIT may make an election under the Internal Revenue Code to treat certain dividends that are paid in a taxable year, as being made by the REIT in the previous taxable year. A shareholder is required to include the amount of the dividend in the taxable year that it is paid by the REIT. Distributions made by us that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to taxable domestic shareholders as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year. This treatment applies only to the extent that the designated distributions do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year or the amount of 24 Table of Contents distributions treated as dividends for the taxable year. It applies regardless of the period for which a domestic shareholder has held his or her common shares. Despite this general rule, corporate shareholders may be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. Generally, our designated capital gain dividends will be broken out into net capital gains distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 20% for individual taxpayers in the highest tax bracket) and unrecaptured Section 1250 gain distributions (which are taxable to taxable domestic shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts at a maximum rate of 25%). Certain U.S. shareholders that are taxed as individuals, estates or trusts may also be required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of shares. If, for any taxable year, we elect to designate as capital gain dividends any portion of the dividends paid or made available for the year to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest, then the portion of the capital gains dividends that will be allocable to the holders of common shares will be the total capital gain dividends multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to the holders of the common shares for the year. The denominator of the fraction will be the total dividends paid or made available to holders of all classes of shares of beneficial interest. We may elect to retain (rather than distribute as is generally required) net capital gain for a taxable year and pay the income tax on that gain. If we make this election, shareholders must include in income, as long-term capital gain, their proportionate share of the undistributed net capital gain. Shareholders will be treated as having paid their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these gains. Accordingly, they will receive a tax credit or refund for the amount. Shareholders will increase the basis in their common shares by the difference between the amount of capital gain included in their income and the amount of the tax they are treated as having paid. Our earnings and profits will be adjusted appropriately. In general, a shareholder will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes on the sale or other disposition of common shares in an amount equal to the difference between: The gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the common shares were held as a capital asset. Generally, the capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the common shares were held for more than one year. In general, a loss recognized by a shareholder upon the sale of common shares that were held for six months or less, determined after applying certain holding period rules, will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent that the shareholder received distributions that were treated as long-term capital gains. For shareholders who are individuals, trusts and estates, the long-term capital loss will be apportioned among the applicable long-term capital gain rates to the extent that distributions received by the shareholder were previously so treated. Taxation of domestic tax-exempt shareholders Most tax-exempt organizations are not subject to federal income tax except to the extent of their unrelated business taxable income, which is often referred to as UBTI. Unless a tax-exempt shareholder holds its common shares as debt financed property or uses the common shares in an unrelated trade or business, distributions to the shareholder should not constitute UBTI. Similarly, if a tax-exempt shareholder sells common shares, the income from the sale should not constitute UBTI unless the shareholder held the shares as debt financed property or used the shares in a trade or business. However, for tax-exempt shareholders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts, and qualified group legal services plans, income from owning or selling common shares will constitute UBTI unless the organization is able to properly deduct amounts set aside or placed in reserve so as to offset the income generated by its investment in common shares. These shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements which are set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, certain provisions of the Tax Act may impact a tax-exempt shareholder’s calculation of UBTI. These shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the impact of the Tax Act and their federal income tax obligations. 25 Table of Contents In addition, certain pension trusts that own more than 10% of a “pension-held REIT” must report a portion of the distributions that they receive from the REIT as UBTI. We have not been and do not expect to be treated as a pension-held REIT for purposes of this rule. Taxation of foreign shareholders The following is a discussion of certain anticipated United States federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of common shares applicable to a foreign shareholder. For purposes of this discussion, a “foreign shareholder” is any person other than: Distributions by Us . Distributions by us to a foreign shareholder that are neither attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of United States real property interests nor designated by us as capital gains dividends will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our earnings and profits. These distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of United States federal income tax on a gross basis at a 30% rate, or a lower treaty rate, unless the dividends are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the foreign shareholder of a United States trade or business. Please note that under certain treaties lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from REITs. Dividends that are effectively connected with a United States trade or business will be subject to tax on a net basis at graduated rates, and are generally not subject to withholding. Certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied before a dividend is exempt from withholding under this exemption. A foreign shareholder that is a corporation also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower treaty rate. We expect to withhold United States income tax at the rate of 30% on any such distributions made to a foreign shareholder unless: If such distribution is in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, it will not be taxable to a foreign shareholder to the extent that the distribution does not exceed the adjusted basis of the shareholder’s common shares. Instead, the distribution will reduce the adjusted basis of the common shares. To the extent that the distribution exceeds the adjusted basis of the common shares, it will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of the shareholder’s common shares. The tax treatment of this gain is described below. We intend to withhold at a rate of 30%, or a lower applicable treaty rate, on the entire amount of any distribution not designated as a capital gain distribution. In such event, a foreign shareholder may seek a refund of the withheld amount from the IRS if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our earnings and profits, and the amount withheld exceeded the foreign shareholder’s United States tax liability with respect to the distribution. Distributions to a foreign shareholder that we designate at the time of the distributions as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a United States real property interest, generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxation unless: 26 Table of Contents Under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is known as FIRPTA, distributions to a foreign shareholder (other than certain qualified shareholders and qualified foreign pension funds discussed below) that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges of United States real property interests will cause the foreign shareholder to be treated as recognizing the gain as income effectively connected with a United States trade or business. This rule applies whether or not a distribution is designated as a capital gain dividend. Accordingly, foreign shareholders generally would be taxed on these distributions at the same rates applicable to U.S. shareholders, subject to a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. In addition, a foreign corporate shareholder might be subject to the branch profits tax discussed above, as well as U.S. federal income tax return filing requirements. We are required to withhold 21% of these distributions. The withheld amount can be credited against the foreign shareholder’s United States federal income tax liability. Although the law is not entirely clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as undistributed capital gains in respect of the common shares held by U.S. shareholders would be treated with respect to foreign shareholders in the same manner as actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under that approach, foreign shareholders would be able to offset as a credit against their United States federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on these undistributed capital gains. In addition, if timely requested, foreign shareholders might be able to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent their proportionate share of the tax paid by us were to exceed their actual United States federal income tax liability. Foreign Shareholders’ Sales of Common Shares. Gain recognized by a foreign shareholder upon the sale or exchange of common shares generally will not be subject to United States taxation unless the shares constitute a “United States real property interest” within the meaning of FIRPTA. The common shares will not constitute a United States real property interest so long as we are a domestically controlled REIT. A domestically controlled REIT is a REIT in which at all times during a specified testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by foreign shareholders. We believe that we are a domestically controlled REIT. Therefore, we believe that the sale of common shares will not be subject to taxation under FIRPTA. However, because common shares and preferred shares are publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be a domestically controlled REIT. In any event, gain from the sale or exchange of common shares not otherwise subject to FIRPTA will be subject to U.S. tax, if either: Even if we do not qualify as or cease to be a domestically controlled REIT, gain arising from the sale or exchange by a foreign shareholder of common shares still would not be subject to United States taxation under FIRPTA as a sale of a United States real property interest if: If gain on the sale or exchange of common shares were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, the foreign shareholder would be subject to regular United States income tax with respect to the gain in the same manner as a taxable U.S. shareholder, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax, a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals and the possible application of the branch profits tax in the case of foreign corporations. The purchaser of the common shares would be required to withhold and remit to the IRS 15% of the purchase price. Exception to FIRPTA for Qualified Shareholders. For dispositions and distributions after December 18, 2015, stock of a REIT held (directly or through partnerships) by a “qualified shareholder” will not be treated as United States real property interest, and capital gain dividends from such a REIT will not be treated as gain from the sale of a United States real property interest. This exception does not apply to persons that hold an interest, taking into account applicable constructive ownership rules, more than 10% of the stock of the REIT (unless that interest is solely as a creditor (an “applicable investor”)). If the qualified shareholder has such an “applicable investor,” the portion of REIT stock indirectly owned through the qualified shareholder by the applicable investor will be treated as gains from the sale of United States real property interests. For these purposes, a “qualified shareholder” is a foreign person which is in a treaty jurisdiction and satisfies certain publicly traded requirements, is a “qualified collective investment vehicle” and maintains records on the identity of certain 5% owners. A 27 Table of Contents “qualified collective investment vehicle” is a foreign person that is eligible for a reduced withholding rate with respect to ordinary REIT dividends even if such person holds more than 10% of the REIT’s stock, a publicly traded partnership that is a withholding foreign partnership that would be a United States real property holding corporation if it were a United States corporation, or is designated as a qualified collective investment vehicle by the Secretary of the Treasury and is either fiscally transparent within the meaning of the Code or required to include dividends in its gross income but entitled to a deduction for distribution to its investors. Finally, capital gain dividends and nondividend redemption and liquidating distributions to a qualified shareholder that are not allocable to an applicable investor will be treated as ordinary dividends. Exception to FIRPTA Withholding for Qualified Foreign Pension Funds. For distributions or disposition of REIT stock after December 18, 2015, “qualified foreign pension funds” and entities that are wholly owned by a qualified foreign pension fund are exempted from FIRPTA withholding. For these purposes, a “qualified foreign pension fund” is any trust, corporation, or other organization or arrangement if (i) it was created or organized under foreign law, (ii) it was established to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (or persons designated by such employees) of one or more employers in consideration for services rendered, (iii) it does not have a single participant or beneficiary with a right to more than 5% of its assets or income, (iv) it is subject to government regulation and provides annual information reporting about its beneficiaries to the relevant tax authorities in the country in which it is established or operates, and (v) under the laws of the country in which it is established or operates, either contributions to such fund which would otherwise be subject to tax under such laws are deductible or excluded from the gross income of such fund or taxed at a reduced rate, or taxation of any investment income of such fund is deferred or such income is taxed at a reduced rate. Information reporting requirement and backup withholding We will report to our domestic shareholders and the Internal Revenue Service the amount of distributions paid during each calendar year and the amount of tax withheld, if any. Under certain circumstances, domestic shareholders may be subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding will apply only if such domestic shareholder fails to furnish certain information to us or the Internal Revenue Service. Backup withholding will not apply with respect to payments made to certain exempt recipients, such as corporations and tax-exempt organizations. Domestic shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding with respect to a payment to a domestic shareholder will be allowed as a credit against such person’s United States federal income tax liability and may entitle such person to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. Withholding on foreign financial institutions and non-U.S. shareholders The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) imposes a U.S. withholding tax at a 30% rate on dividends and on proceeds from the sale of our shares paid beginning January 1, 2019 to “foreign financial institutions” (as defined under FATCA) and certain other foreign entities if certain due diligence and disclosure requirements related to U.S. accounts with, or ownership of, such entities are not satisfied or an exemption does not apply. If FATCA withholding is imposed, non-U.S. beneficial owners that are otherwise eligible for an exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. withholding tax with respect to such distributions and sale proceeds would be required to seek a refund from the Internal Revenue Service to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction. Any payment made by us that is subject to withholding under FATCA or otherwise will be net of the amount required to be withheld. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties As of December 31, 2017, the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of 305 properties located in 10 states and the District of Columbia consisting of 78,611 apartment units. See Item 1, Business , for additional information regarding the Company’s properties and the markets/metro areas upon which we are focused. The Company’s properties are summarized by building type in the following table: 28 Table of Contents The Company’s properties are summarized by ownership type in the following table: The following table sets forth certain information by market relating to the Company’s properties at December 31, 2017: Note: Projects under development are not included in the Portfolio Summary until construction has been completed. As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s same store occupancy was 95.9% and its total portfolio-wide occupancy, which includes completed development properties in various stages of lease-up, was 95.0%. Certain of the Company’s properties are encumbered by mortgages and additional detail can be found on Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. Resident leases are generally for twelve months in length and can require security deposits. The garden-style properties are generally defined as properties with two and/or three story buildings while the mid-rise/high-rise are defined as properties with greater than three story buildings. These two property types typically provide residents with amenities, such as rooftop decks and swimming pools, fitness centers and community rooms. In addition, many of our urban properties have parking garage and/or retail components. 29 Table of Contents The consolidated properties currently in various stages of development and lease-up at December 31, 2017 are included in the following table: Note: All development projects are wholly owned by the Company. Item 3. Legal Proceedings As of December 31, 2017, the Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 30 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common Share Market Prices and Dividends (Equity Residential) The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, the high, low and closing sales prices for and the distributions declared on the Company’s Common Shares, which trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol EQR. Note: In addition to the regular quarterly dividends in 2016, the Company paid special dividends of $8.00 per share/unit (approximately $3.0 billion) on March 10, 2016 and $3.00 per share/unit (approximately $1.1 billion) on October 14, 2016. The number of record holders of Common Shares at February 16, 2018 was approximately 2,300. The number of outstanding Common Shares as of February 16, 2018 was 368,169,571. Unit Dividends (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) There is no established public market for the Units (OP Units and restricted units). The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, the distributions declared on the Operating Partnership’s Units. Note: In addition to the regular quarterly dividends in 2016, the Company paid special dividends of $8.00 per share/unit (approximately $3.0 billion) on March 10, 2016 and $3.00 per share/unit (approximately $1.1 billion) on October 14, 2016. The number of record holders of Units in the Operating Partnership at February 16, 2018 was approximately 500. The number of outstanding Units as of February 16, 2018 was 382,197,057. Unregistered Common Shares Issued in the Quarter Ended December 31, 2017 (Equity Residential) During the quarter ended December 31, 2017, EQR issued 41,549 Common Shares in exchange for 41,549 OP Units held by various limited partners of ERPOP. OP Units are generally exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or, at the option of ERPOP, the cash equivalent thereof, at any time one year after the date of issuance. These shares were either registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as these were transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. In light of the manner of the sale and information obtained by EQR from the limited partners in connection with these transactions, EQR believes it may rely on these exemptions. 31 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of December 31, 2017 with respect to the Company’s Common Shares that may be issued under its existing equity compensation plans. Any Common Shares issued pursuant to EQR’s incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following tables set forth selected financial and operating information on a historical basis for the Company and the Operating Partnership. The following information should be read in conjunction with all of the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The historical operating and balance sheet data have been derived from the historical financial statements of the Company and the Operating Partnership. Selected cash flow amounts have also been restated in accordance with the Company’s early adoption of the new statement of cash flows guidance effective October 1, 2017 (see Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion). Certain capitalized terms as used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 32 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Financial information in thousands except for per share and property data) 33 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Financial information in thousands except for per Unit and property data) 34 Table of Contents Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Operating Partnership should be read in connection with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. Due to the Company’s ability to control the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and each such subsidiary entity has been consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes, except for two unconsolidated operating properties. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined are as defined elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Forward-Looking Statements Forward-looking statements in this Item 7 as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions made by management. While the Company’s management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is inherently subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and beyond management’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or supplement these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to the following: Forward-looking statements and related uncertainties are also included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 35 Table of Contents Overview See Item 1. Business for discussion regarding the Company’s overview. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies See Item 1. Business for discussion regarding the Company’s business objectives and operating and investing strategies. Results of Operations 2017 and 2016 Transactions In conjunction with our business objectives and operating strategy, the Company continued to invest in apartment properties located in our coastal gateway markets and sell apartment properties located primarily in the less dense portion of suburban markets and/or properties that are functionally or locationally challenged during the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2017: Year Ended December 31, 2016: See also Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s real estate transactions. Same Store Results Properties that the Company owned and were stabilized (see definition below) for all of both 2017 and 2016 (the “2017 Same Store Properties”), which represented 70,117 apartment units, and properties that the Company owned and were 36 Table of Contents stabilized for all of both 2016 and 2015 (the “2016 Same Store Properties”), which represented 69,879 apartment units, impacted the Company’s results of operations. Both the 2017 Same Store Properties and 2016 Same Store Properties are discussed in the following paragraphs. The Company’s primary financial measure for evaluating each of its apartment communities is net operating income (“NOI”). NOI represents rental income less direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company’s apartment properties. The following tables provide a rollforward of the apartment units included in Same Store Properties and a reconciliation of apartment units included in Same Store Properties to those included in Total Properties for the year ended December 31, 2017: Note: Properties are considered “stabilized” when they have achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months. Properties are included in Same Store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. 37 Table of Contents Revenues from the 2017 and 2016 Same Store Properties increased $48.5 million and $78.1 million, respectively, primarily as a result of an increase in average rental rates charged to residents. Expenses from the 2017 and 2016 Same Store Properties increased $17.0 million and $20.2 million, respectively, primarily as a result of an increase in real estate taxes, on-site payroll costs and repairs and maintenance expenses. The following tables provide comparative same store results and statistics for the 2017 and 2016 Same Store Properties: 2017 vs. 2016 Same Store Results/Statistics for 70,117 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands (except for Average Rental Rate) Note: Same store revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. 2016 vs. 2015 Same Store Results/Statistics for 69,879 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands (except for Average Rental Rate) The following tables provide comparative same store operating expenses for the 2017 and 2016 Same Store Properties: 2017 vs. 2016 Same Store Operating Expenses for 70,117 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands 38 Table of Contents 2016 vs. 2015 Same Store Operating Expenses for 69,879 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands The following tables present reconciliations of operating income per the consolidated statements of operations to NOI, along with rental income, operating expenses and NOI per the consolidated statements of operations allocated between same store and non-same store results for the 2017 and 2016 Same Store Properties (amounts in thousands): 39 Table of Contents For properties that the Company acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2017 and that the Company expects to continue to own through December 31, 2018, the Company anticipates the following same store results for the full year ending December 31, 2018, which assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking: Same store revenues increased 2.2% during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was ahead of our original expectations and in line with our most recent guidance that was provided in October 2017, due to stronger renewal rates, lower turnover and gains in occupancy. The Company’s primary goal in 2017 was to focus on retaining existing residents to drive renewal rate growth which came in at 4.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. Same store turnover declined by 1.8% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. The Company’s primary focus for 2018 will continue to be on retaining existing residents. We currently estimate same store revenues to increase in a range from 1.0% to 2.25% for 2018 as compared to 2017. Washington D.C. was the only market in our portfolio that did not meet or surpass our most recent guidance that was provided in October 2017. Same store revenues increased 1.3% during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 as uncertainty in the market caused by the political environment slowed economic activity. While we expect to see slight improvement in new lease rates in 2018, we expect Washington D.C. to remain challenged. As a result, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 1.0% in this market in 2018. In the New York market, elevated deliveries of new luxury supply both in established residential areas and newer residential areas like Long Island City are having an impact on our ability to raise rents. While technology sector job growth continues, there has been a reduction in the rate of job growth in the financial services sector, which is an important demand driver in this market. However, due in part to our strong same store occupancy levels (96.2% for the year ended December 31, 2017), we used fewer concessions during 2017 than we originally expected. Same store revenues increased 0.1% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was above both our original expectations and our most recent guidance provided in October 2017. With new luxury supply elevated in 2018, we expect there to be a decline in same store revenues of approximately 0.75% in 2018. Boston continues to feel the impact from an elevated level of deliveries of new supply in the downtown and Cambridge submarkets, though job growth has continued to improve. As a result, the additional supply has generally been absorbed thus far without significant disruption. Same store revenues increased 1.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was in line with our original expectations and most recent guidance provided in October 2017. We believe renewal and occupancy rates will continue to remain strong while new lease rates will continue to be negative. We therefore expect 2018 same store revenue growth of approximately 1.6%, which is identical to 2017. Seattle produced solid rental rate growth driven by the continued growth in technology jobs in the market, but showed signs of slowing rent growth towards the end of 2017. Same store revenues increased 5.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which exceeded our original expectations and is generally consistent with the most recent guidance provided in October 2017. We are more cautious on our 2018 outlook. With more moderate growth expected in both renewals and new leases primarily due to increased urban supply and moderating job growth, we expect Seattle to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.25% in 2018. San Francisco performed better than expected in 2017 primarily as a result of strong occupancy and gains on renewals. The market is producing a slower rate of job growth in the technology sector compared to previous years. However, we continue to see strong demand throughout the market, although the rate at which we can increase rents remains somewhat modest due to new supply and a slower rate of job growth. As a result, same store revenues increased 2.0% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which exceeded our original expectations and is generally consistent with the most recent guidance provided in October 2017. While we expect to see slight improvement in new lease rates in 2018, we expect lower occupancy and renewal rates. As a result, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 1.75% in 2018. Southern California, which includes Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego, was one of our better performing markets in 2017. Widely dispersed new supply, very good economic growth and adequate levels of job growth in the market 40 Table of Contents are driving strong revenue growth. Same store revenues increased 3.9% for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which slightly exceeded both our original expectations and the most recent guidance we provided in October 2017. We expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.25% in Los Angeles and 4.0% in both Orange County and San Diego in 2018. Same store expenses increased 2.7% during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. The full year 2017 results were primarily due to the following items : We anticipate same store expenses to increase in a range from 3.5% to 4.5% for 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to the following items: Same store NOI increased 2.0% for the full year 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, which was at the high end of our original expectations and slightly ahead of our most recent guidance that was provided in October 2017. The Company anticipates same store NOI growth of approximately 0.0% to 1.5% for the full year 2018 as a result of the above same store revenue and expense expectations. See also Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Non-Same Store/Other Results Non-same store NOI results increased approximately $0.4 million in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2016 and 2017, operations from the Company’s development properties and operations prior to disposition from 2016 and 2017 sold properties. This difference is due primarily to: 41 Table of Contents Non-same store NOI results decreased approximately $277.5 million in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2015 and 2016, operations from the Company’s development properties and operations prior to disposition from 2015 and 2016 sold properties (including the Starwood Portfolio). This difference is due primarily to: The Company’s guidance assumes consolidated rental acquisitions of $500.0 million and consolidated rental dispositions of $500.0 million and assumes that the Acquisition Cap Rate will be 0.50% lower than the Disposition Yield for the full year ending December 31, 2018. The Company currently budgets one development start during the year ending December 31, 2018. We currently budget spending approximately $150.0 million on development costs during the year ending December 31, 2018, primarily for projects currently under construction and on the one project expected to start in 2018. We assume that this capital will be primarily sourced with excess operating cash flow, future debt offerings and borrowings on our revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program. These 2018 assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking. Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2017 to the year ended December 31, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 to the year ended December 31, 2015 For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $1.63 compared to $11.68 per share/unit for the year ended December 31, 2016. The difference is primarily due to approximately $10.16 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales and $0.14 per share/unit in higher gains on sales of non-operating assets in 2016 compared to 2017 as a direct result of the significant sales activity in 2016 compared to 2017, partially offset by $0.29 per share/unit in higher debt extinguishment costs incurred in 2016 as compared to 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $11.68 compared to $2.36 per share/unit for the year ended December 31, 2015. The difference is primarily due to approximately $9.69 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales and $0.18 per share/unit in higher gains on sales of non-operating assets in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a direct result of the significant sales activity in 2016, partially offset by $0.30 per share/unit in higher debt extinguishment costs and lower overall NOI as a result of the sales noted above in 2016 compared to 2015. Income from continuing operations decreased approximately $3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the prior year. Income from continuing operations increased $3.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year. See below for further explanation. For the year ended December 31, 2017, consolidated rental income increased 2.0%, consolidated operating expenses (comprised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) increased 2.3% and consolidated NOI increased 1.9% when compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in NOI is primarily a result of the Company’s improved NOI from same store and lease-up properties, partially offset by dilution from disposition activity. For the year ended December 31, 2016, consolidated rental income decreased 11.5%, consolidated operating expenses (comprised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) decreased 11.6% and consolidated NOI decreased 11.5% when compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The declines are all primarily a result of the Company’s significant disposition activity in 2016. Fee and asset management revenues decreased approximately $2.9 million or 79.9% and $4.8 million or 57.5% during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily as a result of lower revenue earned on management of the Company’s military housing ventures at Joint Base Lewis McChord due to the sale of the Company’s entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with these ventures in the second quarter of 2016. Property management expenses include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the Company’s properties as well as management fees paid to any third party management companies. These expenses increased approximately $3.5 million or 4.2% during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the prior year. The increase is primarily attributable to increases in education/conference fees, legal fees, office rent, and payroll-related costs. These expenses decreased approximately $4.2 million or 4.9% during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year. This decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in payroll-related costs, office rent and education/conference fees, partially offset by increases in computer operations costs. The Company anticipates that property management expenses will 42 Table of Contents approximate $88.5 million to $90.5 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. General and administrative expenses from continuing operations, which include corporate operating expenses, decreased approximately $5.6 million or 9.7% and $6.8 million or 10.6% during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in payroll-related costs. The Company anticipates that general and administrative expenses will approximate $53.0 million to $55.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. Depreciation expense, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately $38.1 million or 5.4% during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2017 and development properties placed in service in 2016 and 2017, partially offset by lower depreciation from properties sold in 2016 and 2017. Depreciation expense decreased approximately $60.2 million or 7.9% during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of no depreciation or a partial period of depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2016 related to the significant property sales in 2016 (including the Starwood Portfolio), partially offset by additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2016 and development properties placed in service. Interest and other income decreased approximately $59.6 million or 90.7% and increased approximately $58.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to the approximate $52.4 million gain from the sale of the Company’s entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with the military housing ventures at Joint Base Lewis McChord and approximate $6.0 million gain from the sale of 421-a real estate tax certificates during the year ended December 31, 2016, neither of which occurred in 2017 or 2015. The Company anticipates that interest and other income will approximate $0.5 million to $1.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018, excluding certain non-comparable insurance/litigation settlement proceeds. Other expenses decreased approximately $5.2 million or 50.0% and increased $7.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to higher litigation/environmental reserve and/or settlement costs in 2016, which did not occur at the same levels in 2017 and 2015, as well as a decrease in annual transaction costs of approximately $1.5 million in 2017. In addition, the Company anticipates that substantially all of its transactions will now be accounted for as asset acquisitions, which means that transaction costs will largely be capitalized, as a result of its adoption of the new definition of a business standard effective January 1, 2017. See Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, decreased approximately $102.5 million or 20.7% for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of $109.9 million in lower debt extinguishment costs in 2017 as compared to 2016. Interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, increased approximately $39.6 million or 8.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of prepayment penalties and debt extinguishment costs associated with the repayment of approximately $1.7 billion in debt principal prior to scheduled maturity, partially offset by lower interest expense as a result of these repayments. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness was 4.44%, 4.68% and 4.72% for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company capitalized interest of approximately $26.3 million, $51.5 million and $59.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company anticipates that interest expense from continuing operations, excluding debt extinguishment costs/prepayment penalties, will approximate $370.5 million to $383.1 million and capitalized interest will approximate $4.0 million to $8.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. Income and other tax expense from continuing operations decreased approximately $1.1 million or 70.4% and increased approximately $0.7 million or 75.9% during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, primarily due to changes in various state and local taxes related to the Company’s elevated disposition activity in 2016 compared to 2017 and 2015. The Company anticipates that income and other tax expense will approximate $0.5 million to $1.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. The 2018 guidance/projections provided above are based on current projections and are forward-looking. Income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities decreased approximately $8.2 million and $10.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively. The decrease in 2017 is primarily due to a gain on the sale of one unconsolidated apartment property totaling $8.8 million in 2016 that did not occur in 2017. The decrease in 2016 is primarily due to $18.6 million in favorable litigation 43 Table of Contents settlements which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2015, partially offset by a gain on the sale of one unconsolidated apartment property totaling $8.8 million which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016. Net gain (loss) on sales of real estate properties decreased approximately $3.9 billion or 96.1% and increased approximately $3.7 billion during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 2015, respectively, as a result of the sale of 98 consolidated apartment properties (including the Starwood Portfolio) during the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to only five consolidated apartment property sales during the year ended December 31, 2017 and eight consolidated property sales during the year ended December 31, 2015, all of which did not meet the criteria for reporting discontinued operations. Net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels increased approximately $3.4 million or 21.8% due to the gain on sale of one land parcel with a low basis during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the gain on sales of four land parcels during the year ended December 31, 2016. Net gain (loss) on sales of land parcels increased approximately $15.7 million due to the gain on sale of four land parcels during the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to no land sales during the year ended December 31, 2015. Liquidity and Capital Resources Short-Term Liquidity and Cash Proceeds The Company generally expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related to maintaining its existing properties and scheduled unsecured note and mortgage note repayments, through its working capital, net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. Under normal operating conditions, the Company considers its cash provided by operating activities to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payments of distributions. As of January 1, 2017, the Company had approximately $77.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, approximately $141.9 million of restricted deposits and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.96 billion (net of $20.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $20.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). After taking into effect the various transactions discussed in the following paragraphs and the net cash provided by operating activities, at December 31, 2017, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance was approximately $58.3 million, the restricted deposits balance was approximately $50.1 million and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.69 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $300.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company generated proceeds from various transactions, which included the following: During the year ended December 31, 2017, the above proceeds along with net cash flow from operations and borrowings from the Company’s revolving line of credit and commercial paper program were primarily utilized to: 44 Table of Contents Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program On November 3, 2016, the Company replaced its existing $2.5 billion facility with a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing January 10, 2022. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $750.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 0.825%), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 12.5 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company’s long-term debt. On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured commercial paper note program in the United States. The Company may borrow up to a maximum of $500.0 million under this program subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. As of February 16, 2018, there was a balance of $320.0 million outstanding on the commercial paper program. As of February 16, 2018, no amounts were outstanding and the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.67 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of the $320.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). This facility may, among other potential uses, be used to fund property acquisitions, costs for certain properties under development and short-term liquidity requirements. Dividend Policy For the past several years, the Company adhered to a policy of paying its annual dividends/distributions based on 65% of the midpoint of the range of initial Normalized FFO guidance customarily provided at the beginning of each year as part of the Company’s fourth quarter earnings release. The Company’s 2017 regular annual dividend/distribution payout was $2.015 per share/unit and the Company paid four regular quarterly dividends/distributions of $0.50375 per share/unit in 2017. Beginning in 2018, the Company will no longer determine its dividends/distributions as a fixed percentage of estimated Normalized FFO but will instead adopt a more conventional policy based on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company’s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company’s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company’s Board of Trustees deems relevant. The Company currently expects to declare a dividend/distribution for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.54 per share/unit, an annualized increase of 7.2% over the amount paid in 2017. This policy change is supported by the Company’s strong growth in property operations since the recent economic downturn and a significant reduction in its development activity resulting in a material increase in available cash flow. All future dividends/distributions remain subject to the discretion of the Company’s Board of Trustees. The Company believes that its expected 2018 operating cash flow will be sufficient to cover capital expenditures and regular dividends/distributions. Total dividends/distributions paid in January 2018 amounted to $192.8 million (excluding distributions on Partially Owned Properties), which included certain distributions declared during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2017. Long-Term Financing and Capital Needs The Company expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements, such as lump sum unsecured note and mortgage debt maturities, property acquisitions, financing of construction and development activities through the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities, including additional OP Units, proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures and cash generated from operations after all distributions. In addition, the Company has significant unencumbered properties available to secure additional mortgage borrowings in the event that the public capital markets are unavailable or the cost of alternative sources of capital is too high. The fair value of and cash flow from these unencumbered properties are in excess of the requirements the Company must maintain in order to comply with covenants under its unsecured notes, line of credit and commercial paper program. Of the $26.0 billion in investment in real estate on the Company’s balance sheet at December 31, 2017, $20.1 billion or 77.1% was unencumbered. However , there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will be available to the Company in the future on acceptable terms or otherwise. EQR issues public equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of the Operating Partnership. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. 45 Table of Contents The Company’s total debt summary and debt maturity schedules as of December 31, 2017 are as follows: Debt Summary as of December 31, 2017 ($ in thousands) Debt Maturity Schedule as of December 31, 2017 ($ in thousands) 46 Table of Contents See Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the Company’s debt at December 31, 2017. The Company’s “Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio” as of December 31, 2017 is presented in the following table. The Company calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Common Shares and assumed conversion of all Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company’s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preferred shares outstanding. Equity Residential Capital Structure as of December 31, 2017 (Amounts in thousands except for share/unit and per share amounts) The Operating Partnership’s “Consolidated Debt-to-Total Market Capitalization Ratio” as of December 31, 2017 is presented in the following table. The Operating Partnership calculates the equity component of its market capitalization as the sum of (i) the total outstanding Units at the equivalent market value of the closing price of the Company’s Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) the liquidation value of all perpetual preference units outstanding. ERP Operating Limited Partnership Capital Structure as of December 31, 2017 (Amounts in thousands except for unit and per unit amounts) In September 2009, EQR announced the establishment of an At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program which would allow EQR to sell Common Shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis). EQR may, but shall have no obligation to, sell Common Shares through the ATM share offering program in amounts and at times to be determined by EQR. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by EQR from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of EQR’s Common Shares and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for EQR. The program currently has a maturity of June 2019. EQR has the authority to issue 13.0 million shares but has not issued any shares under this program since September 2012. Through February 16, 2018, EQR has cumulatively issued approximately 16.7 million Common Shares at an average price of $48.53 per share for total consideration of approximately $809.9 million. Depending on its analysis of market prices, economic conditions and other opportunities for the investment of available capital, EQR may repurchase its Common Shares pursuant to its existing share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Trustees. The Company may repurchase up to 13.0 million Common Shares under this program. No open market repurchases 47 Table of Contents have occurred since 2008. As of February 16, 2018, EQR has remaining authorization to repurchase up to 13.0 million of its shares. EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on June 28, 2016 and expires on June 28, 2019. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). ERPOP’s long-term senior debt ratings and short-term commercial paper ratings as well as EQR’s long-term preferred equity ratings, which all have a stable outlook, as of February 16, 2018 are as follows: See Note 18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the events which occurred subsequent to December 31, 2017. Capitalization of Fixed Assets and Improvements to Real Estate Our policy with respect to capital expenditures is generally to capitalize expenditures that improve the value of the property or extend the useful life of the component asset of the property. We track improvements to real estate in three major categories and several subcategories: All replacements are depreciated over a five to ten-year estimated useful life. We expense as incurred all make-ready maintenance and turnover costs such as cleaning, interior painting of individual apartment units and the repair of any replacement item noted above. All building improvements are depreciated over a five to fifteen-year estimated useful life. We capitalize building improvements and upgrades only if the item: (i) exceeds $2,500 (selected projects must exceed $10,000); (ii) extends the useful life of the asset; and (iii) improves the value of the asset. 48 Table of Contents The third major category is renovations, which primarily consists of expenditures for kitchens and baths designed to reposition the apartment units/properties for higher rental levels in their respective markets. All renovation expenditures are depreciated over a ten-year estimated useful life. For the year ended December 31, 2017, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): Capital Expenditures to Real Estate For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 For the year ended December 31, 2016, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): Capital Expenditures to Real Estate For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 49 Table of Contents The Company estimates that during 2018 it will spend approximately $2,900 per same store apartment unit or $210.0 million of total capital expenditures to real estate. During 2018, the Company expects to spend approximately $60.0 million for apartment unit renovation expenditures on approximately 4,500 same store apartment units at an average cost of approximately $13,300 per apartment unit renovated. The anticipated total capital expenditures to real estate amounts represent approximately the same percentage of same store revenues, but an increase in the cost per unit and in the absolute dollar amounts over 2017. The Company plans to continue the elevated capital expenditures for investment in customer-facing building improvements (leasing offices, fitness centers, common areas, etc.) to enhance the quality of our properties and to protect our competitive position given the new luxury supply opening in many of our markets. We also expect to maintain our elevated spending on sustainability projects and renovation expenditures during 2018. The above assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company’s total non-real estate capital additions, such as computer software, computer equipment, and furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements to the Company’s property management offices and its corporate offices, were approximately $1.5 million. The Company expects to fund approximately $6.6 million in total non-real estate capital additions in 2018. These anticipated fundings represent an increase over 2017, which is primarily driven by anticipated hardware and software upgrades to various existing systems during 2018. The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Capital expenditures to real estate and non-real estate capital additions are generally funded from net cash provided by operating activities and from investment cash flow. Derivative Instruments In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place. See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments at December 31, 2017. 50 Table of Contents Definitions The definition of certain terms described above or below are as follows: Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations The Company has various unconsolidated interests in certain joint ventures. The Company does not believe that these unconsolidated investments have a materially different impact on its liquidity, cash flows, capital resources, credit or market risk than its consolidated operating and/or other activities. See also Notes 2 and 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s investments in partially owned entities. See also Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion regarding the Company’s development projects. The following table summarizes the Company’s contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2017: 51 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or different presentation of our financial statements. The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies were followed in preparing the consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended December 31, 2017 and are materially consistent with the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company has identified five significant accounting policies as critical accounting policies. These critical accounting policies are those that have the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and those requiring significant judgments and estimates. With respect to these critical accounting policies, management believes that the application of judgments and estimates is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly presents the results of operations for all periods presented. The five critical accounting policies are: Acquisition of Investment Properties The Company allocates the purchase price of properties that meet the definition of an asset acquisition to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values. In making estimates of relative fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the relative fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investments in real estate, for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions and legal and environmental concerns, as well as the Company’s ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset. Future events could occur which would cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted. Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate The Company depreciates the building component of its investment in real estate over a 30-year estimated useful life, building improvements over a 5-year to 15-year estimated useful life, both the furniture, fixtures and equipment and replacement components over a 5-year to 10-year estimated useful life and the renovations component over a 10-year estimated useful life, all of which are judgmental determinations. Cost Capitalization See the Capitalization of Fixed Assets and Improvements to Real Estate section for a discussion of the Company’s policy with respect to capitalization vs. expensing of fixed asset/repair and maintenance costs. In addition, the Company capitalizes an allocation of the payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property. For all development projects, the Company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance and payroll and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities, with capitalization ceasing no later than 90 days following issuance of the certificate of occupancy. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as construction-in-progress for each specific property. The Company expenses as incurred all payroll costs of on-site employees working directly at our properties, except as noted above on our development properties prior to certificate of occupancy issuance and on specific major renovations at selected properties when additional incremental employees are hired. 52 Table of Contents During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company capitalized $14.7 million, $18.7 million and $22.3 million, respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects. Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Including Derivative Instruments The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations The following is the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s reconciliation of net income to FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units for each of the five years ended December 31, 2017: Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations (Amounts in thousands) 53 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to the refinancing of its long-term debt and floating interest rate instruments that include its unsecured revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, floating rate tax-exempt debt and fair value hedges that convert fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. These exposures to interest rates are primarily driven by changes in long-term U.S. Treasury rates for refinancing activity, changes in short-term LIBOR borrowing rates and the SIFMA index for floating rate debt and changes in commercial paper market conditions. The Company evaluates various factors including its total debt, the current and future anticipated economic environment and other factors to manage this risk. We generally hedge a portion of future long-term debt issuances and target a level of floating rate debt of 20% or less depending upon market conditions. To the extent the Company carries substantial cash balances, this will tend to partially counterbalance any changes in interest rates. The Company also utilizes certain derivative financial instruments to manage market risk. Derivatives are used to convert floating rate debt to a fixed rate basis or vice versa as well as to partially lock in rates on future debt issuances. Derivatives are used for hedging purposes rather than speculation. The Company does not enter into financial instruments for trading purposes. See also Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments. The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments (including such items in the financial statement captions as cash and cash equivalents, other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities) approximate their carrying or contract values based on their nature, terms and interest rates that approximate current market rates. The fair value of the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) were approximately $3.6 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2017. 54 Table of Contents At December 31, 2017, the Company had total outstanding floating rate debt of approximately $1.4 billion, or 15.4% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently increased by 16 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $2.2 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently decreased by 16 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $2.2 million. At December 31, 2017, the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of approximately $7.6 billion, or 84.6% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 47 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $6.9 billion. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 47 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $8.5 billion. At December 31, 2017, the Company’s derivative instruments had a net asset fair value of approximately $3.5 million. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 24 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net asset fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $7.7 million. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 24 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net liability fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $0.7 million. At December 31, 2016, the Company had total outstanding floating rate debt of approximately $1.1 billion, or 12.3% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently increased by 11 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $1.3 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently decreased by 11 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $1.3 million. At December 31, 2016, the Company had total outstanding fixed rate debt of approximately $7.9 billion, or 87.7% of total debt, net of the effects of any derivative instruments. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 49 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $7.2 billion. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 49 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate debt would be approximately $8.8 billion. At December 31, 2016, the Company’s derivative instruments had a net asset fair value of approximately $1.9 million. If market rates of interest permanently increased by 24 basis points (a 10% increase from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net asset fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $0.4 million. If market rates of interest permanently decreased by 24 basis points (a 10% decrease from the Company’s existing weighted average interest rates), the net asset fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments would be approximately $3.4 million. These amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on the Company’s financial instruments. The foregoing assumptions apply to the entire amount of the Company’s debt and derivative instruments and do not differentiate among maturities. These analyses do not consider the effects of the changes in overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of changes of such magnitude, management would likely take actions to further mitigate its exposure to the changes. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in the Company’s financial structure or results. The Company cannot predict the effect of adverse changes in interest rates on its debt and derivative instruments and, therefore, its exposure to market risk, nor can there be any assurance that long-term debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse changes discussed above. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 55 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Equity Residential (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Effective as of December 31, 2017, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. (b) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: Equity Residential’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on the Company’s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of December 31, 2017 by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Company identified in connection with the Company’s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Effective as of December 31, 2017, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, of the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. (b) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting: ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 56 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on the Operating Partnership’s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited as of December 31, 2017 by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Operating Partnership identified in connection with the Operating Partnership’s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 57 Table of Contents PART III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence; and Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, Item 13 and Item 14 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, Equity Residential’s Proxy Statement, which the Company intends to file no later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and thus these items have been omitted in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Equity Residential is the general partner and 96.4% owner of ERP Operating Limited Partnership. 58 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 59 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report. References to exhibits or other filings under the caption “Location” indicate that the exhibit or other filing has been filed, that the indexed exhibit and the exhibit referred to are the same and that the exhibit referred to is incorporated by reference. The Commission file numbers for our Exchange Act filings referenced below are 1-12252 (Equity Residential) and 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership). 60 Table of Contents 61 Table of Contents 62 Table of Contents *Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements filed as exhibits to this report are identified by an asterisk. **Filed on paper – hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T. 63 Table of Contents SIGNAT URES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN/WOMEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below, hereby constitutes and appoints David J. Neithercut, Mark J. Parrell and Ian S. Kaufman, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her in any and all capacities, to do all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem advisable to enable the company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the company’s filing of an annual report on Form 10-K for the company’s fiscal year 2017, including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby granted, the power and authority to sign his or her name as a trustee or officer, or both, of the company, as indicated below opposite his or her signature, to the Form 10-K, and any amendment thereto; and each of the undersigned does hereby fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of each registrant and in the capacities set forth below and on the dates indicated: Table of Contents INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders Equity Residential Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Equity Residential (the Company) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners ERP Operating Limited Partnership Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. F-3 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders Equity Residential Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Equity Residential’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Equity Residential (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. F-4 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTE RED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners ERP Operating Limited Partnership Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited ERP Operating Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Operating Partnership’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. F-5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands except for share amounts) See accompanying notes F-6 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per share data) See accompanying notes F-7 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per share data) See accompanying notes F-8 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-9 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-10 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-11 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-12 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-13 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-14 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-15 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) See accompanying notes F-16 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) See accompanying notes F-17 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-18 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-19 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-20 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-21 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-22 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) See accompanying notes F-23 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Equity Residential (“EQR”), a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993, is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of rental apartment properties in urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”), an Illinois limited partnership, was formed in May 1993 to conduct the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential. EQR has elected to be taxed as a REIT. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. Unless otherwise indicated, the notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both the Company and the Operating Partnership. EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2017 owned an approximate 96.4% ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues public equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. As of December 31, 2017, the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of 305 properties located in 10 states and the District of Columbia consisting of 78,611 apartment units. The ownership breakdown includes (table does not include various uncompleted development properties): The “Wholly Owned Properties” are accounted for under the consolidation method of accounting. The “Master-Leased Properties – Consolidated” are wholly owned by the Company but the entire project is leased to a third party corporate housing provider. These properties are consolidated and reflected as real estate assets while the master leases are accounted for as operating leases. The “Partially Owned Properties – Consolidated” are controlled by the Company, but have partners with noncontrolling interests and are accounted for under the consolidation method of accounting and qualify as variable interest entities. The “Partially Owned Properties – Unconsolidated” are controlled by the Company’s partners but the Company has noncontrolling interests and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company maintains long-term ground leases for 14 operating properties. The Company owns the building and improvements and leases the land underlying the improvements under long-term ground leases. The expiration dates for these leases range from 2042 through 2113. These properties are consolidated and reflected as real estate assets while the ground leases are accounted for as operating leases. Basis of Presentation Due to the Company’s ability as general partner to control either through ownership or by contract the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and each such subsidiary has been consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes, except for two unconsolidated operating properties. F-24 Table of Contents Real Estate Assets and Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate Effective January 1, 2017 with the adoption of the new standard which clarified the definition of a business (discussed below in Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements ), the Company expects that substantially all of its transactions will be accounted for as asset acquisitions. In an asset acquisition, the Company is required to capitalize transaction costs and allocate the purchase price on a relative fair value basis. For the year ended December 31, 2017, all acquisitions were considered asset acquisitions. For asset acquisitions, the Company allocates the purchase price of the net tangible and identified intangible assets on a relative fair value basis. In making estimates of relative fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the relative fair value of the tangible and intangible assets/liabilities acquired. The Company allocates the purchase price of acquired real estate to various components as follows: Replacements inside an apartment unit such as appliances and carpeting are depreciated over an estimated useful life of five to ten years. Renovation expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred and significant renovations and improvements that improve and/or extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized over their estimated useful life, generally five to fifteen years. Initial direct leasing costs are expensed as incurred as such expense approximates the deferral and amortization of initial direct leasing costs over the lease terms. Property sales or dispositions are recorded when title transfers to unrelated third parties, contingencies have been removed and sufficient cash consideration has been received by the Company. Upon disposition, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts. Any gain or loss on sale is recognized in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company classifies real estate assets as real estate held for sale when it is probable a property will be disposed of (see below for further discussion). The Company classifies properties under development and/or expansion and properties in the lease-up phase (including land) as construction-in-progress until construction has been completed and certificates of occupancy permits have been obtained. F-25 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, including its investments in real estate, for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions and legal and environmental concerns, as well as the Company’s ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset. Future events could occur which would cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and an impairment loss is warranted. If impairment indicators exist, the Company performs the following: Cost Capitalization See the Real Estate Assets and Depreciation of Investment in Real Estate section for a discussion of the Company’s policy with respect to capitalization vs. expensing of fixed asset/repair and maintenance costs. In addition, the Company capitalizes an allocation of the payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of major capital and/or renovation projects. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as increases to depreciable property. For all development projects, the Company uses its professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest, real estate taxes and insurance and payroll and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities, with capitalization ceasing no later than 90 days following issuance of the certificate of occupancy. These costs are reflected on the balance sheets as construction-in-progress for each specific property. The Company expenses as incurred all payroll costs of on-site employees working directly at our properties, except as noted above on our development properties prior to certificate of occupancy issuance and on specific major renovations at selected properties when additional incremental employees are hired. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company capitalized $14.7 million, $18.7 million and $22.3 million, respectively, of payroll and associated costs of employees directly responsible for and who spend their time on the execution and supervision of development activities as well as major capital and/or renovation projects. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions typically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance coverage, and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions’ non-performance. F-26 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Including Derivative Instruments The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place. The Company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measures those instruments at fair value. In addition, fair value adjustments will affect either shareholders’ equity/partners’ capital or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an underlying transaction are modified, or when the underlying transaction is terminated or completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument matures. Any derivative instrument used for risk management that does not meet the hedging criteria is marked-to-market each period. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Revenue Recognition Rental income attributable to residential leases is recorded on a straight-line basis, which is not materially different than if it were recorded when due from residents and recognized monthly as it was earned. Leases entered into between a resident and a property for the rental of an apartment unit are generally year-to-year, renewable upon consent of both parties on an annual or monthly basis. Rental income attributable to retail/commercial leases is also recorded on a straight-line basis. Retail/commercial leases generally have five to ten year lease terms with market based renewal options. Fee and asset management revenue and interest income are recorded on an accrual basis. Share-Based Compensation The Company expenses share-based compensation such as restricted shares, restricted units and share options. Any common share of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share (the “Common Shares”) issued pursuant to EQR’s incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing units of partnership interest (“OP Units”) to EQR on a one-for-one basis, with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. See Note 12 for further discussion. The fair value of the option grants are recognized over the requisite service/vesting period of the options. The fair value for the Company’s share options was estimated at the time the share options were granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the primary grant in each year having the following weighted average assumptions: F-27 Table of Contents The valuation method and assumptions are the same as those the Company used in accounting for option expense in its consolidated financial statements. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. This model is only one method of valuing options. Because the Company’s share options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the actual value of the options to the recipient may be significantly different. Income and Other Taxes Due to the structure of EQR as a REIT and the nature of the operations of its operating properties, no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the EQR level. In addition, ERPOP generally is not liable for federal income taxes as the partners recognize their proportionate share of income or loss in their tax returns; therefore no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the ERPOP level. Historically, the Company has generally only incurred certain state and local income, excise and franchise taxes. The Company has elected Taxable REIT Subsidiary (“TRS”) status for certain of its corporate subsidiaries and as a result, these entities will incur both federal and state income taxes on any taxable income of such entities after consideration of any net operating losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. These assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates for which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effects of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings in the period enacted. The Company’s deferred tax assets were generally the result of tax affected suspended interest deductions, net operating losses, differing depreciable lives on capitalized assets and the timing of expense recognition for certain accrued liabilities. The Company elected REIT status for its primary TRS upon filing the 2016 tax return in the third quarter of 2017, with the election retroactive to January 1, 2016. As a result, the Company wrote-off its deferred tax assets, which were fully reserved, in the third quarter of 2017. In December 2017, the President signed into law H.R. 1, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act is not expected to have a material impact on our REIT or subsidiary entities, our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT or on our results of operations. However, the complete impact of the Tax Act is not yet fully known and there can be no assurances that it will have a neutral or favorable impact. The Company provided for income, franchise and excise taxes allocated as follows in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (amounts in thousands): F-28 Table of Contents During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s tax treatment of dividends and distributions were as follows (unaudited): The unaudited cost of land and depreciable property, net of accumulated depreciation, for federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $14.8 billion and $15.8 billion, respectively. Noncontrolling Interests A noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary (minority interest) is an ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements and separate from the parent company’s equity. In addition, consolidated net income is required to be reported at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest and the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and the noncontrolling interest are required to be disclosed on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. See Note 3 for further discussion. Operating Partnership: Net income is allocated to noncontrolling interests based on their respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership. The ownership percentage is calculated by dividing the number of OP Units held by the noncontrolling interests by the total OP Units held by the noncontrolling interests and EQR. Issuance of additional Common Shares and OP Units changes the ownership interests of both the noncontrolling interests and EQR. Such transactions and the related proceeds are treated as capital transactions. Partially Owned Properties: The Company reflects noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties on the balance sheet for the portion of properties consolidated by the Company that are not wholly owned by the Company. The earnings or losses from those properties attributable to the noncontrolling interests are generally based on ownership percentage and are reflected as noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Partners’ Capital The “Limited Partners” of ERPOP include various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units. The “General Partner” of ERPOP is EQR. Net income is allocated to the Limited Partners based on their respective ownership percentage of ERPOP. The ownership percentage is calculated by dividing the number of OP Units held by the Limited Partners by the total OP Units held by the Limited Partners and the General Partner. Issuance of additional Common Shares and OP Units changes the ownership interests of both the Limited Partners and EQR. Such transactions and the related proceeds are treated as capital transactions. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership / Redeemable Limited Partners The Company classifies Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership / Redeemable Limited Partners in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets for the portion of OP Units that EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares to the exchanging OP Unit holder. The redeemable noncontrolling interest units / redeemable limited partner units are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. See Note 3 for further discussion. Use of Estimates In preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and F-29 Table of Contents disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications considered necessary for a fair presentation have been made to the prior period financial statements in order to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications have not changed the results of operations or equity/capital. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard entitled Revenue from Contracts with Customers that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. The new standard specifically excludes lease revenue. The new standard’s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Companies will likely need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration, if any, to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The new standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or prospectively with the cumulative effect, if any, recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company selected the modified retrospective transition method as of the date of adoption effective January 1, 2018. Approximately 95% of total revenues consist of rental income from leasing arrangements, which is specifically excluded from the standard. The Company analyzed its remaining revenue streams, inclusive of gains and losses on sales, and concluded there are no changes in revenue recognition with the adoption of the new standard. As such, adoption of the standard did not result in a cumulative adjustment recognized as of January 1, 2018, and other than certain changes in disclosures which will be required in 2018, the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations, equity/capital or cash flows. In January 2016, the FASB issued a new standard which requires companies to measure all equity securities with readily determinable fair values at fair value on the balance sheet, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new standard was effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018 and it did not have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial position. In February 2016, the FASB issued a new leases standard which sets out principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessors and lessees). The new standard requires the following: The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted, though the Company currently anticipates adopting the new standard on the effective date. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective method, which requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented and provides for certain practical expedients, which the Company currently anticipates electing. The Company anticipates that its residential and retail/commercial leases where it is the lessor will continue to be accounted for as operating leases under the new standard. Therefore, the Company does not currently anticipate significant changes in the accounting for its lease revenues. The Company is also the lessee under various corporate office and ground leases, which it will be required to recognize right of use assets and related lease liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets upon adoption. The Company currently anticipates that its corporate office leases where it is the lessee will continue to be accounted for as F-30 Table of Contents operating leases under the new standard. Based on its anticipated election of the practical expedients, the Company would not be required to reassess the classification of existing ground leases and therefore these leases would continue to be accounted for as operating leases. However, in the event we modify existing ground leases and/or enter into new ground leases after adoption of the new standard, such leases will likely be classified as finance leases. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard which requires companies to adopt a new approach for estimating credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, such as trade and other receivables and loans. The standard will require entities to estimate a lifetime expected credit loss for most financial instruments, including trade receivables. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. In February 2017, the FASB issued a new standard which clarifies the accounting treatment for partial sales of nonfinancial assets (i.e. real estate). The standard clarifies that partial sales transactions include contributions of nonfinancial assets to a joint venture or other noncontrolled investee. Companies must recognize a full gain or loss on transfers of nonfinancial assets to equity method investees. The standard requires companies to derecognize distinct nonfinancial assets or distinct in substance nonfinancial assets in partial sale transactions when it does not have a controlling financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset and transfers control of the asset. Once the distinct nonfinancial asset is transferred, the company is required to measure any non-controlling interest it receives or retains at fair value and recognize a full gain or loss on the transaction. If a company transfers ownership interests in a consolidated subsidiary and continues to maintain a controlling financial interest, the company does not derecognize the assets or liabilities, and accounts for the transaction as an equity transaction and no gain or loss is recognized. The new standard was effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company adopted the new standard concurrently with the new revenue recognition standard. The Company has not had a partial sale of nonfinancial assets in the current or comparative periods, therefore the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. In August 2017, the FASB issued a final standard which makes changes to the hedge accounting model to enable entities to better portray their risk management activities in the financial statements. The new standard expands an entity’s ability to hedge nonfinancial and financial risk components, reduces complexity in fair value hedges of interest rate risk and eases certain documentation and assessment requirements. The new standard also eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness and generally requires the entire change in the fair value of any hedging instrument to be presented in the same income statement line as the hedged instrument. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In February 2015, the FASB issued new consolidation guidance which made changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model. Among other changes, the new standard specifically eliminated the presumption in the current voting model that a general partner controls a limited partnership or similar entity unless that presumption can be overcome. Generally, only a single limited partner that is able to exercise substantive kick-out rights will consolidate. The Company adopted this new standard as required effective January 1, 2016. While adoption of the new standard did not result in any changes to conclusions about whether a joint venture was consolidated or unconsolidated, the Company determined that certain of its joint ventures and the Operating Partnership qualified as variable interest entities (“VIEs”) and therefore required additional disclosures. See Note 6 for further discussion. In March 2016, the FASB issued a new standard which simplified several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liability, statement of cash flows classification and policy election options for forfeitures. The Company adopted this new standard as required effective January 1, 2017. The Company will continue to estimate the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjust the estimate when it is no longer probable that the employee will fulfill the service condition, as was required under the old standard. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. In August 2016 and October 2016, the FASB issued new standards to clarify how specific transactions are classified and presented on the statement of cash flows. Among other clarifications, the new standards specifically provide guidance for the following items within the statement of cash flows which have required significant judgment in the past: F-31 Table of Contents The new standards must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The Company adopted the new standard in the fourth quarter of 2017 and will continue to apply the look-through approach for distributions received from equity method investees. While overall cash flows did not change, there are changes between cash flow classifications due primarily to the debt prepayment penalties that the Company has incurred in the comparative period. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the following cash flows were reclassified (amounts in thousands): F-32 Table of Contents In January 2017, the FASB issued a new standard which clarified the definition of a business. The standard’s objective was to add additional guidance that assists companies in determining whether transactions should be accounted for as an asset acquisition or a business combination. The new standard first requires an entity to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the set is not a business. If this threshold is not met, the entity next evaluates whether the set meets the requirement that a business include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. Among other differences, transaction costs associated with asset acquisitions are capitalized while those associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred. In addition, purchase price in an asset acquisition is allocated on a relative fair value basis while in a business combination it is generally measured at fair value. The new standard will be applied prospectively to any transactions occurring within the period of adoption. The Company early adopted the new standard as allowed effective January 1, 2017. The Company anticipates that substantially all of its transactions will now be accounted for as asset acquisitions, which means transaction costs will largely be capitalized as noted above. Other The Company is the controlling partner in various consolidated partnerships owning 17 properties and 3,215 apartment units having a noncontrolling interest book value of $4.7 million at December 31, 2017. The Company is required to make certain disclosures regarding noncontrolling interests in consolidated limited-life subsidiaries. Of the consolidated entities described above, the Company is the controlling partner in limited-life partnerships owning four properties having a noncontrolling interest deficit balance of $8.8 million. These four partnership agreements contain provisions that require the partnerships to be liquidated through the sale of their assets upon reaching a date specified in each respective partnership agreement. The Company, as controlling partner, has an obligation to cause the property owning partnerships to distribute the proceeds of liquidation to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties only to the extent that the net proceeds received by the partnerships from the sale of their assets warrant a distribution based on the partnership agreements. As of December 31, 2017, the Company estimates the value of Noncontrolling Interest distributions for these four properties would have been approximately $65.4 million (“Settlement Value”) had the partnerships been liquidated. This Settlement Value is based on estimated third party consideration realized by the partnerships upon disposition of the four Partially Owned Properties and is net of all other assets and liabilities, including yield maintenance on the mortgages encumbering the properties, that would have been due on December 31, 2017 had those mortgages been prepaid. Due to, among other things, the inherent uncertainty in the sale of real estate assets, the amount of any potential distribution to the Noncontrolling Interests in the Company’s Partially Owned Properties is subject to change. To the extent that the partnerships’ underlying assets are F-33 Table of Contents worth less than the underlying liabilities, the Company has no obligation to remit any consideration to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties. Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests of Equity Residential The following tables present the changes in the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Shares and “Units” (which includes OP Units and restricted units) for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of restricted units, are collectively referred to as the “Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of restricted units), the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total plus the number of Common Shares. Net income is allocated to the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging holder of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Instruments that require settlement in registered shares cannot be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer’s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units that are classified in permanent equity at December 31, 2017 and 2016. F-34 Table of Contents The carrying value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of December 31, 2017, the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership have a redemption value of approximately $367.0 million, which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange for the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (amounts in thousands): Net proceeds from EQR Common Share and Preferred Share (see definition below) offerings are contributed by EQR to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the Preferred Shares issued in the equity offering). As a result, the net offering proceeds from Common Shares and Preferred Shares are allocated between shareholders’ equity and Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership to account for the change in their respective percentage ownership of the underlying equity of ERPOP. The Company’s declaration of trust authorizes it to issue up to 100,000,000 preferred shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share (the “Preferred Shares”), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as the Board of Trustees may determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that are senior to the rights of holders of the Company’s Common Shares. The following table presents the Company’s issued and outstanding Preferred Shares as of December 31, 2017 and 2016: During 2015, the Company repurchased and retired 254,400 Series K Preferred Shares with a par value of $12.7 million for total cash consideration of approximately $16.3 million. As a result of this partial redemption, the Company incurred a cash charge of approximately $3.5 million which was recorded as a premium on the redemption of Preferred Shares. F-35 Table of Contents Capital and Redeemable Limited Partners of ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables present the changes in the Operating Partnership’s issued and outstanding Units and in the limited partners’ Units for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: The Limited Partners of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2017 include various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of restricted units. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of restricted units), Limited Partners may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Limited Partner Units (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Limited Partner Units in total in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total plus the number of General Partner Units. Net income is allocated to the Limited Partner Units based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Limited Partner Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Limited Partner Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging limited partner. The Limited Partner Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Limited Partner Units are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Limited Partner Units”. Instruments that require settlement in registered shares cannot be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer’s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Limited Partner Units are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Limited Partner Units that are classified in permanent equity at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The carrying value of the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Limited Partner Units in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Limited Partner Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of December 31, 2017, the Redeemable Limited Partner Units have a redemption value of approximately $367.0 million, which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange for the Redeemable Limited Partner Units. F-36 Table of Contents The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Limited Partners for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (amounts in thousands): EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings (including proceeds from exercise of options for Common Shares) to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the preferred shares issued in the equity offering). The following table presents the Operating Partnership’s issued and outstanding “Preference Units” as of December 31, 2017 and 2016: During 2015, the Operating Partnership repurchased and retired 254,400 Series K Preference Units with a par value of $12.7 million for total cash consideration of approximately $16.3 million, in conjunction with the concurrent redemption of the corresponding Company Preferred Shares. As a result of this partial redemption, the Operating Partnership incurred a cash charge of approximately $3.5 million which was recorded as a premium of the redemption of Preference Units. Other EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on June 28, 2016 and expires on June 28, 2019. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). In September 2009, the Company announced the establishment of an At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program which would allow EQR to sell Common Shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis). The program currently has a maturity of June 2019. EQR has the authority to issue 13.0 million shares but has not issued any shares under this program since September 2012. The Company may repurchase up to 13.0 million Common Shares under its share repurchase program. No shares were repurchased during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. As of December 31, 2017, EQR has remaining authorization to repurchase up to 13.0 million of its shares under the repurchase program. F-37 Table of Contents 4. Real Estate and Lease Intangibles The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company’s investment in real estate (at cost) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (amounts in thousands): The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company’s above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (amounts in thousands): The following table provides a summary of the effect of the amortization for above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (amounts in thousands): The following table provides a summary of the aggregate amortization for above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles for each of the next five years (amounts in thousands): F-38 Table of Contents Acquisitions and Dispositions During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company acquired the entire equity interest in the following from unaffiliated parties (purchase price in thousands): During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company acquired the entire equity interest in the following from unaffiliated parties (purchase price in thousands): During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price in thousands): The Company recognized a net gain on sales of real estate properties of approximately $157.1 million and a net gain on sales of land parcels of approximately $19.2 million on the above sales. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price in thousands): The Company recognized a net gain on sales of real estate properties of approximately $4.0 billion (inclusive of $3.2 billion on the Starwood Portfolio sale), a net gain on sales of land parcels of approximately $15.7 million and a net gain on sales of unconsolidated entities (included in income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income) of approximately $8.9 million on the above sales. Starwood Disposition The Company executed an agreement with controlled affiliates of Starwood Capital Group (“Starwood”) on October 23, 2015 to sell a portfolio of 72 operating properties consisting of 23,262 apartment units located in five markets across the United States for $5.365 billion (the “Starwood Transaction” or “Starwood Portfolio”). The Starwood Portfolio included substantially all of the assets in the Company’s South Florida and Denver markets and certain suburban assets in the Washington D.C., F-39 Table of Contents Seattle and Los Angeles markets. On January 26 and 27, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of the entire portfolio described above. The following table provides the operating segments/locations of the properties and apartment units sold in the Starwood Transaction. The sale of these properties represents the continuation of the Company’s long-term strategy of investing in the urban and high-density suburban areas of its coastal gateway markets. See Note 11 for further discussion. The Company used proceeds from the Starwood Transaction and other 2016 sales discussed above to pay special dividends of $8.00 per share/unit (approximately $3.0 billion) on March 10, 2016 and $3.00 per share/unit (approximately $1.1 billion) on October 14, 2016. The Company used the majority of the remaining proceeds to reduce aggregate indebtedness in order to make the transaction leverage neutral. See Note 8 for further discussion. Impairment During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded an approximate $1.7 million non-cash asset impairment charge on a land parcel currently being marketed for sale, which is included in land held for development on the consolidated balance sheets and included in the non-same store/other segment discussed in Note 17. The charge was the result of an analysis of the parcel’s estimated fair value (determined using internally developed models based on market assumptions and potential sales data from the marketing process) compared to its current capitalized carrying value. The parcel now has a carrying value of $0.2 million. Other In December 2011, the Company and Toll Brothers (NYSE: TOL) jointly acquired a vacant land parcel at 400 Park Avenue South in New York City. The Company’s and Toll Brothers’ allocated portions of the purchase price were approximately $76.1 million and $57.9 million, respectively. The acquisition was financed through contributions by the Company and Toll Brothers of approximately $102.5 million and $75.7 million, respectively, which included the land purchase noted above, restricted deposits and taxes and fees. Until the core and shell of the building were complete, the building and land were owned jointly and were required to be consolidated on the Company’s balance sheets as the Company was the managing member and Toll Brothers did not have substantive kick-out or participating rights. In July 2015, the Company recorded the master condominium declaration for this development project and as a result, the Toll Brothers’ portion of the property was deconsolidated from the Company’s balance sheets. The Company now solely owns the rental portion of the building (floors 2-22) and the ground floor retail and Toll Brothers solely owns the for sale portion of the building (floors 23-40). The joint venture no longer owns any real property. In conjunction with this transaction, the Company reduced investment in real estate by $116.7 million, noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties by $117.3 million and accrued retainage by $1.1 million and increased other liabilities by $1.7 million (to account for Toll Brothers’ restricted cash still held by the Company). The deconsolidation of the Toll Brothers’ portion of the project had no impact on the consolidated results of operations and comprehensive income. The Company has entered into a separate agreement to acquire the following (purchase price in thousands): F-40 Table of Contents In addition to the properties that were subsequently disposed of as discussed in Note 18, the Company has entered into separate agreements to dispose of the following (sales price in thousands): The closings of these pending transactions are subject to certain conditions and restrictions, therefore, there can be no assurance that these transactions will be consummated or that the final terms will not differ in material respects from those summarized above. The Company has co-invested in various properties with unrelated third parties which are either consolidated or accounted for under the equity method of accounting (unconsolidated). The following tables and information summarize the Company’s investments in partially owned entities as of December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands except for project and apartment unit amounts): F-41 Table of Contents Note: The above tables exclude EQR’s ownership interest in ERPOP, private equity fund investments, and the Company’s interests in unconsolidated joint ventures established in connection with the acquisition of certain real estate related assets from Archstone Enterprise LP (“Archstone”). These ventures owned certain Archstone assets and succeeded to certain residual Archstone liabilities/litigation, as well as responsibility for tax protection arrangements and third-party preferred interests in former Archstone subsidiaries. The preferred interests had an aggregate liquidation value of $37.3 million at December 31, 2017. The ventures are owned 60% by the Company. See below for further discussion. Operating Properties The Company has various equity interests in certain limited partnerships owning 16 properties containing 2,783 apartment units. Each partnership owns a multifamily property. The Company is the general partner of these limited partnerships and is responsible for managing the operations and affairs of the partnerships as well as making all decisions regarding the businesses of the partnerships. The limited partners are not able to exercise substantive kick-out or participating rights. As a result, the partnerships qualify as VIEs. The Company has a controlling financial interest in the VIEs and, thus, is the VIEs’ primary beneficiary. The Company has both the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs’ economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. As a result, the partnerships are required to be consolidated on the Company’s financial statements. The Company has a 75% equity interest in the Wisconsin Place joint venture. The project contains a mixed-use site located in Chevy Chase, Maryland consisting of residential, retail, office and accessory uses, including underground parking facilities. The joint venture owns the 432 unit residential component, but has no ownership interest in the retail and office components. At December 31, 2017, the residential component had a net book value of $160.9 million. The Company is the managing member and is responsible for conducting all administrative day-to-day matters and affairs of the joint venture as well as implementing all decisions with respect to the joint venture. The limited partner is not able to exercise substantive kick-out or participating rights. As a result, the joint venture qualifies as a VIE. The Company has a controlling financial interest in the VIE and, thus, is the VIE’s primary beneficiary. The Company has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. As a result, the entity that owns the residential component is required to be consolidated on the Company’s financial statements. The Wisconsin Place joint venture also retains an unconsolidated interest in an entity that owns the land underlying the entire project and owns and operates the parking facility. At December 31, 2017, the basis of this investment was $44.5 million. The joint venture, as a limited partner, does not have substantive kick-out or participating rights in the entity. As a result, the entity qualifies as a VIE. The joint venture does not have a controlling financial interest in the VIE and is not the VIE’s primary beneficiary. The joint venture does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance or the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that F-42 Table of Contents could potentially be significant to the VIE. As a result, the entity that owns the land and owns and operates the parking facility is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. The Company has a 20% equity interest in each of the Nexus Sawgrass and Domain joint ventures. The Nexus Sawgrass joint venture owns a 501 unit apartment property located in Sunrise, Florida and the Company’s interest had a basis of $4.2 million at December 31, 2017. The Domain joint venture owns a 444 unit apartment property located in San Jose, California and the Company’s interest had a basis of $8.2 million at December 31, 2017. Both properties were funded with long-term, non-recourse secured loans from the partner. The mortgage loan on Nexus Sawgrass has a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of $48.6 million, bears interest at 5.60% and matures January 1, 2021. The mortgage loan on Domain has a current unconsolidated outstanding balance of $96.8 million, bears interest at 5.75% and matures January 1, 2022. While the Company is the managing member of both of the joint ventures, the joint venture partner has significant participating rights and has active involvement in the oversight of the operations. As a result, the entities do not qualify as VIEs. The Company alone does not have the power to direct the activities of the entities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance and as a result, the entities are unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. Other As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP’s day-to-day management. The limited partners are not able to exercise substantive kick-out or participating rights. As a result, ERPOP qualifies as a VIE. EQR has a controlling financial interest in ERPOP and, thus, is ERPOP’s primary beneficiary. EQR has the power to direct the activities of ERPOP that most significantly impact ERPOP’s economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from ERPOP that could potentially be significant to ERPOP. As a result, ERPOP is required to be consolidated on EQR’s financial statements. The Company agreed to a maximum investment of $5.0 million each for two private equity funds, both of which primarily focus on real estate technology investments. The Company accounts for both investments under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s interest in these investments had a combined basis of $2.1 million. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the acquisition of Archstone, subsidiaries of the Company entered into three limited liability company agreements (collectively, the “Residual JV”). The Residual JV owned certain Archstone assets and succeeded to certain residual Archstone liabilities/litigation. The Residual JV is owned 60% by the Company and 40% by its joint venture partner. The Company’s basis at December 31, 2017 was a net obligation of $0.7 million. The Residual JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and its joint venture partner. Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners. As a result, the Residual JV does not qualify as a VIE. The Company alone does not have the power to direct the activities of the Residual JV that most significantly impact the Residual JV’s economic performance and as a result, the Residual JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. The Residual JV has sold all of the real estate assets that were acquired as part of the acquisition of Archstone, including all of the German assets, and is in the process of winding down all remaining activities. On February 27, 2013, in connection with the acquisition of Archstone, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a limited liability company agreement (the “Legacy JV”), through which they assumed obligations of Archstone in the form of preferred interests, some of which are governed by tax protection arrangements. At December 31, 2017, the remaining preferred interests had an aggregate liquidation value of $37.3 million, our share of which is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Obligations of the Legacy JV are borne 60% by the Company and 40% by its joint venture partner. The Legacy JV is managed by a Management Committee consisting of two members from each of the Company and its joint venture partner. Both partners have equal participation in the Management Committee and all significant participating rights are shared by both partners. As a result, the Legacy JV does not qualify as a VIE. The Company alone does not have the power to direct the activities of the Legacy JV that most significantly impact the Legacy JV’s economic performance and as a result, the Legacy JV is unconsolidated and recorded using the equity method of accounting. F-43 Table of Contents The following table presents the Company’s restricted deposits as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (amounts in thousands): During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company received approximately $60.5 million from the return of various mortgage principal reserves/sinking funds on certain tax-exempt mortgage bond deals. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. EQR guarantees the Operating Partnership’s revolving credit facility up to the maximum amount and for the full term of the facility. Mortgage Notes Payable As of December 31, 2017, the Company had outstanding mortgage debt of approximately $3.6 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company: The Company recorded $0.3 million of write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs during the year ended December 31, 2017 as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. The Company also recorded $0.7 million of write-offs of net unamortized premiums during the year ended December 31, 2017 as a reduction of interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $598.6 million of secured debt subject to third party credit enhancement. As of December 31, 2017, scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding mortgage indebtedness were at various dates through May 28, 2061. At December 31, 2017, the interest rate range on the Company’s mortgage debt was 0.10% to 6.90%. During the year ended December 31, 2017, the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s mortgage debt was 4.33%. The historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, of encumbered properties was $4.4 billion and $5.0 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had outstanding mortgage debt of approximately $4.1 billion. F-44 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company: The Company recorded $1.6 million of write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs during the year ended December 31, 2016 as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. The Company also recorded $20.7 million of write-offs of net unamortized premiums during the year ended December 31, 2016 as a reduction of interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $601.9 million of secured debt subject to third party credit enhancement. As of December 31, 2016, scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding mortgage indebtedness were at various dates through May 28, 2061. At December 31, 2016, the interest rate range on the Company’s mortgage debt was 0.10% to 7.20%. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s mortgage debt was 4.34%. Notes The following tables summarize the Company’s unsecured note balances and certain interest rate and maturity date information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively: The Company’s unsecured public debt contains certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios. The Company was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. EQR and ERPOP currently have an active universal shelf registration statement for the issuance of equity and debt securities that automatically became effective upon filing with the SEC on June 28, 2016 and expires on June 28, 2019. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds of all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or preference units (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis). During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company: F-45 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company: The Company recorded $1.9 million of write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs during the year ended December 31, 2016 as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of unsecured notes. The Company also recorded $25.2 million of write-offs of net unamortized premiums/discounts/OCI/treasury locks during the year ended December 31, 2016 as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of unsecured notes. Line of Credit and Commercial Paper On November 3, 2016, the Company replaced its existing $2.5 billion facility with a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing January 10, 2022. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $750.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 0.825%), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 12.5 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company’s long-term debt. On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured commercial paper note program in the United States. The Company may borrow up to a maximum of $500.0 million under this program subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2017, there was a balance of $299.8 million outstanding on the commercial paper program ($300.0 million in principal outstanding net of an unamortized discount of $0.2 million). As of December 31, 2016, there was a balance of $20.0 million on the commercial paper program. The notes bear interest at various floating rates with a weighted average of 1.41% and 0.90% for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and a weighted average maturity of 18 days and 4 days as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.69 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of the $300.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). During the year ended December 31, 2017, the weighted average interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 2.00%. As of December 31, 2016, the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.96 billion (net of $20.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of the $20.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). During the year ended December 31, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 1.37%. F-46 Table of Contents Other On April 24, 2017, the Company executed a new letter of credit facility with a third party financial institution which is not backed or collateralized by borrowings on the Company’s unsecured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2017, there was $9.0 million in letters of credit outstanding on this facility. The following table provides a summary of the aggregate payments of principal on all debt for each of the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands): The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. A three-level valuation hierarchy exists for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are defined as follows: The Company’s derivative positions are valued using models developed by the respective counterparty as well as models developed internally by the Company that use as their basis readily observable market parameters (such as forward yield curves and credit default swap data). Employee holdings other than Common Shares within the supplemental executive retirement plan (the “SERP”) are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets and are included in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners are valued using the quoted market price of Common Shares. The fair values disclosed for mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) were calculated using indicative rates provided by lenders of similar loans in the case of mortgage notes payable and the private unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) and quoted market prices for each underlying issuance in the case of the public unsecured notes. The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments (other than mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, commercial paper, line of credit and derivative instruments), including cash and cash equivalents and other financial instruments, approximate their carrying or contract value. The following table provides a summary of the carrying and fair values for the F-47 Table of Contents Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively (amounts in thousands): The following table summarizes the Company’s consolidated derivative instruments at December 31, 2017 (dollar amounts are in thousands): The following tables provide a summary of the fair value measurements for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the location within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively (amounts in thousands): F-48 Table of Contents The following tables provide a summary of the effect of fair value hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (amounts in thousands): F-49 Table of Contents The following tables provide a summary of the effect of cash flow hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (amounts in thousands): As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, there were approximately $88.6 million and $113.9 million in deferred losses, net, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), respectively, related to derivative instruments. Based on the estimated fair values of the net derivative instruments at December 31, 2017, the Company may recognize an estimated $21.2 million of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as additional interest expense during the year ending December 31, 2018. In August 2017, the Company received $1.3 million to settle four forward starting ten-year swaps in conjunction with the issuance of $400.0 million of ten-year fixed rate public notes. The entire $1.3 million was initially deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be recognized as a decrease to interest expense over the ten-year term of the notes. In October 2016, the Company paid $4.7 million to settle a forward starting ten-year swap in conjunction with the issuance of $500.0 million of ten-year fixed rate public notes. The ineffective portion of approximately $74,000 and accrued interest of approximately $9,000 were recorded as increases to interest expense. The remaining amount of approximately $4.6 million will be deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as an increase to interest expense over the approximate term of the notes. In May 2015, the Company paid a net $15.1 million to settle nine forward starting ten-year swaps in conjunction with the issuance of $450.0 million of ten-year fixed rate public notes. The ineffective portion of approximately $30,000 and accrued interest of approximately $1.2 million were recorded as increases to interest expense. The remaining amount of approximately $13.9 million will be deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as an increase to interest expense over the first 9 years and 10.5 months of the notes. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded approximately $3.0 million of deferred accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as additional interest expense due to the ineffectiveness of certain forward starting swaps. F-50 Table of Contents Equity Residential The following tables set forth the computation of net income per share – basic and net income per share – diluted for the Company (amounts in thousands except per share amounts): F-51 Table of Contents ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables set forth the computation of net income per Unit – basic and net income per Unit – diluted for the Operating Partnership (amounts in thousands except per Unit amounts): The Company concluded that the Starwood Transaction did not qualify for discontinued operations reporting as it did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results. The Company has been investing only in its coastal gateway markets (Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Southern California, San Francisco and Seattle) and has not been acquiring or developing any new assets in its other markets. Over the past several years, the Company has been repositioning its portfolio by selling its suburban assets located in markets outside its coastal gateway markets. The sale of the Starwood Portfolio represented the continuation of the above strategy. However, the Company concluded that the Starwood Transaction did qualify as an individually significant component of the Company as the amount received upon disposal exceeded 10% of total assets, and NOI (see definition in Note 17) of the Starwood Portfolio represented approximately 1.2% of consolidated NOI (for the approximate one-month period owned in 2016) for the year ended December 31, 2016 and approximately 15.7% of consolidated NOI for the year ended December 31, 2015. As a result, the following table summarizes the results of operations attributable to the Starwood Transaction for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 (amounts in thousands): F-52 Table of Contents Any Common Shares issued pursuant to EQR’s incentive equity compensation and employee share purchase plans will result in ERPOP issuing OP Units to EQR on a one-for-one basis with ERPOP receiving the net cash proceeds of such issuances. On June 16, 2011, the shareholders of EQR approved the Company’s 2011 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2011 Plan”). The 2011 Plan originally reserved 12,980,741 Common Shares for issuance, which was subsequently adjusted to 14,725,321 Common Shares in accordance with the provisions of the 2011 Plan as a result of the option adjustments required for the special dividends paid in conjunction with the Starwood Transaction. In conjunction with the approval of the 2011 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2002 Share Incentive Plan. The 2011 Plan expires on June 16, 2021. As of December 31, 2017, 6,913,246 shares were available for future issuance. Pursuant to the 2011 Plan and the 2002 Share Incentive Plan, as restated and amended (collectively the “Share Incentive Plans”), officers, trustees and key employees of the Company may be granted share options to acquire Common Shares (“Options”) including non-qualified share options (“NQSOs”), incentive share options (“ISOs”) and share appreciation rights (“SARs”), or may be granted restricted or non-restricted shares/units (including long-term incentive plan awards), subject to conditions and restrictions as described in the Share Incentive Plans. Options, SARs, restricted shares (including long-term incentive plan awards) and restricted units (including long-term incentive plan awards) are sometimes collectively referred to herein as “Awards”. The 2002 Share Incentive Plan, as restated and amended, will terminate at such time as all outstanding Awards have expired or have been exercised/vested. The Board of Trustees may at any time amend or terminate the Share Incentive Plans, but termination will not affect Awards previously granted. Any Options which had vested prior to such a termination would remain exercisable by the holder. The Options are generally granted at the fair market value of the Company’s Common Shares at the date of grant, vest in three equal installments over a three-year period, are exercisable upon vesting and expire ten years from the date of grant (see additional valuation discussion in Note 2). The exercise price for all Options under the Share Incentive Plans is equal to the fair market value of the underlying Common Shares at the time the Option is granted. If employment is terminated prior to vesting, the Options are generally canceled. Options exercised result in new Common Shares being issued on the open market. F-53 Table of Contents Restricted shares are generally granted at the fair market value of the Company’s Common Shares at the date of grant. Restricted shares that have been awarded through December 31, 2017 generally vest three years from the award date. In addition, the Company’s unvested restricted shareholders have the same voting rights as any other Common Share holder. During the three-year period of restriction, the Company’s unvested restricted shareholders receive quarterly dividend payments on their shares at the same rate and on the same date as any other Common Share holder. As a result, dividends paid on unvested restricted shares are included as a component of retained earnings (included in general partner’s capital in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements) and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company’s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. If employment is terminated prior to the lapsing of the restriction, the shares are generally canceled. Restricted units are a class of partnership interests that under certain conditions, including vesting, are convertible by the holder into an equal number of OP Units, which are redeemable by the holder for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or the cash value of such shares at the option of the Company. In connection with the grant of long-term incentive compensation for services provided during a year, officers of the Company are allowed to choose between restricted shares and restricted units. In January 2011, March 2014 and June 2015, certain holders of restricted shares converted these shares into restricted units. Restricted units are generally granted at a 3% discount to the fair market value of the Company’s Common Shares at the date of grant due to the book-up risk associated with restricted units (see below for more details) and generally vest three years from the award date. In addition, restricted unit holders receive quarterly dividend payments on their restricted units at the same rate and on the same date as any other OP Unit holder. As a result, dividends paid on restricted units are included as a component of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Limited Partners’ capital and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company’s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. If employment is terminated prior to vesting, the restricted units are generally canceled. A restricted unit will automatically convert to an OP Unit when the capital account of each restricted unit increases (“books-up”) to a specified target. If the capital target is not attained within ten years following the date of issuance, the restricted unit will automatically be canceled and no compensation will be payable to the holder of such canceled restricted unit. The Company also allows eligible employees the ability to receive immediately vested Options and allows officers the ability to receive immediately vested restricted units (subject to the book-up provisions described above and a two-year hold restriction) in-lieu of any percentage of their annual cash bonus. In January 2015, the Company revised its executive compensation program for the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and certain other Executive Officers. The long-term portion of the revised program will allow these individuals to earn from 0% to 200% of the target number of long-term incentive (“LTI”) plan awards, payable in the form of restricted shares and/or restricted units, as determined by the Company’s relative and absolute Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) over a forward-looking three-year performance period. The Company’s TSR will be compared to pre-established quantitative performance metrics. In connection with the grant of LTI plan awards, the individuals are allowed to choose between restricted shares and restricted units. The grant date fair value of the awards is estimated using a Monte Carlo model, and the resulting expense is recorded regardless of whether the TSR performance measures are achieved, if the required service is delivered. These awards generally vest three years from the award date. The grant date fair value is amortized into expense over the service period. If the executive is retirement-eligible, the grant date fair value is amortized into expense over the first year. All other awards are amortized into expense over the three year performance/vesting period. In addition, the awards granted as restricted units will receive quarterly partial dividend payments equal to 10% of any common share dividend on the same date as any other OP Unit holder during the three-year performance period. As a result, dividends paid on restricted units are included as a component of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Limited Partners’ capital and have not been considered in reducing net income available to Common Shares/Units in a manner similar to the Company’s preferred share/preference unit dividends for the earnings per share/Unit calculation. The awards granted as restricted shares will not receive dividends during the three-year performance period. At the end of the three-year performance period, cumulative dividends will be paid for the three-year performance period for any restricted shares or restricted units actually earned, less any dividends already paid on the restricted units. If employment is terminated prior to vesting, the restricted shares and restricted units are generally canceled. Once the Company’s absolute and relative TSR is calculated at the end of the three-year performance period, the executive will earn a certain number of restricted shares and/or restricted units. No payout would be made for any return below 50% of the target performance metric. All Trustees, with the exception of the Company’s non-executive Chairman and employee Trustees, are granted options, restricted shares and/or restricted units that vest one-year from the grant date that corresponds to the term for which he or she has been elected to serve. The non-executive Chairman only receives awards under the LTI plan (see further discussion above). The Company’s Share Incentive Plans provide for certain benefits upon retirement. For employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, retirement generally means the termination of employment (other than for cause): (i) on or after age 62; or (ii) prior to age 62 after meeting the requirements of the Rule of 70 (described below). For employees hired after January 1, F-54 Table of Contents 2009, retirement generally means the termination of employment (other than for cause) after meeting the requirements of the Rule of 70. For Trustees, retirement generally means termination of service on the Board (other than for cause) on or after age 72. The Rule of 70 is met when an employee’s years of service with the Company (which must be at least 15 years) plus his or her age (which must be at least 55 years) on the date of termination equals or exceeds 70 years. In addition, the employee must give the Company at least 6 months’ advance written notice of his or her intention to retire and sign a release upon termination of employment, releasing the Company from customary claims and agreeing to ongoing non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions. Under the Company’s definitions of retirement, several of its executive officers, including its Chief Executive Officer, and its non-executive Chairman, are retirement eligible. For employees hired prior to January 1, 2009 who retire at or after age 62 (or for Trustees who retire at or after age 72), such employee’s or Trustee’s unvested restricted shares, restricted units and share options would immediately vest, and share options would continue to be exercisable for the balance of the applicable ten-year option period, as is provided under the Share Incentive Plans. For all other employees (those hired after January 1, 2009 and those hired before such date who choose to retire prior to age 62), upon such retirement under the Rule of 70 definition of retirement of employees, such employee’s unvested restricted shares, restricted units and share options would continue to vest per the original vesting schedule (subject to immediate vesting upon the occurrence of a subsequent change in control of the Company or the employee’s death), and options would continue to be exercisable for the balance of the applicable ten-year option period, subject to the employee’s compliance with the non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions. The Rule of 70 does not apply to Trustees. For the individuals mentioned above who receive awards under the LTI plan and retire at or after age 62 (age 72 for the Chairman of the Board) or under the Rule of 70, the award would be prorated in proportion to the number of days worked in the first year of the three-year performance period and the award would continue to vest per the original vesting schedule, subject to the individual’s compliance with the non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions. The individual would not receive any payout of shares or units until the final payout is determined at the end of the three-year performance period. If an employee violates the non-competition and employee non-solicitation provisions after such retirement, all unvested restricted shares, unvested restricted units and unvested and vested share options at the time of the violation would be void, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Trustees. The following tables summarize compensation information regarding the restricted shares, restricted units, share options and Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) for the three years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (amounts in thousands): F-55 Table of Contents Compensation expense is generally recognized for Awards as follows: The Company accelerates the recognition of compensation expense for all Awards for those individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above. The total compensation expense related to Awards not yet vested at December 31, 2017 is $7.3 million (excluding the accelerated expenses for individuals approaching or meeting the retirement age criteria discussed above), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average term of 1.31 years. See Note 2 for additional information regarding the Company’s share-based compensation. The table below summarizes the Award activity of the Share Incentive Plans for the three years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: F-56 Table of Contents The following table summarizes information regarding options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2017 (aggregate intrinsic value is in thousands): As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, 5,610,677 Options (with a weighted average exercise price of $40.91) and 4,436,990 Options (with a weighted average exercise price of $45.11) were exercisable, respectively. The Company established an Employee Share Purchase Plan to provide each employee and trustee the ability to annually acquire up to $100,000 of Common Shares of EQR. The Company registered 7,000,000 Common Shares under the ESPP, of which 2,837,877 Common Shares remained available for purchase at December 31, 2017. The Common Shares may be purchased quarterly at a price equal to 85% of the lesser of: (a) the closing price for a share on the last day of such quarter; and (b) the greater of: (i) the closing price for a share on the first day of such quarter, and (ii) the average closing price for a share for all the business days in the quarter. The following table summarizes information regarding the Common Shares issued under the ESPP (the net proceeds noted below were contributed to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units): The Company established a defined contribution plan (the “401(k) Plan”) to provide retirement benefits for employees that meet minimum employment criteria. The Company matches dollar for dollar up to the first 4% of eligible compensation that a participant contributes to the 401(k) Plan for all employees except those defined as highly compensated employees, whose match is 3%. Participants are vested in the Company’s contributions over five years. The Company recognized an expense in the amount of $4.6 million, $4.9 million and $5.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company established the SERP to provide certain officers and trustees an opportunity to defer a portion of their eligible compensation in order to save for retirement. The SERP is restricted to investments in Common Shares, certain marketable securities that have been specifically approved and cash equivalents. The deferred compensation liability represented in the SERP and the securities issued to fund such deferred compensation liability are consolidated by the Company and carried on the Company’s balance sheets, and the Company’s Common Shares held in the SERP are accounted for as a reduction to paid in capital (included in general partner’s capital in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements). On September 30, 2014, the Company filed with the SEC a Form S-3 Registration Statement to register 4,790,000 Common Shares pursuant to a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the “2014 DRIP”), which included the remaining shares available for issuance under a previous registration. The registration was automatically declared effective the same day and will expire when all 4,790,000 shares have been issued. The Company has 4,691,298 Common Shares available for issuance under the 2014 DRIP at December 31, 2017. The 2014 DRIP provides holders of record and beneficial owners of Common Shares and Preferred Shares with a simple and convenient method of reinvesting cash dividends/distributions in additional Common Shares. Common Shares purchased F-57 Table of Contents under the 2014 DRIP may, at the option of EQR, be directly issued by EQR or purchased by EQR’s transfer agent in the open market using participants’ funds. The net proceeds from any Common Share issuances are contributed to ERPOP in exchange for OP Units. The Company leases its corporate headquarters from an entity controlled by EQR’s Chairman of the Board of Trustees. The lease terminates on January 31, 2022. Amounts incurred for such office space for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were approximately $2.8 million, $2.7 million and $2.6 million. The Company believes these amounts equal market rates for such rental space. The Company, as an owner of real estate, is subject to various Federal, state and local environmental laws. Compliance by the Company with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on the Company. However, the Company cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on its current properties or on properties that it may acquire in the future. As of December 31, 2017, the Company does have environmental reserves totaling approximately $2.8 million related to two of its properties. The Company has established a reserve related to various litigation matters associated with its Massachusetts properties and periodically assesses the adequacy of the reserve and makes adjustments as necessary. As of December 31, 2017, the reserve totaled approximately $0.9 million. While no assurances can be given, the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these remaining litigation matters, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has four wholly owned projects totaling 892 apartment units in various stages of development with remaining commitments to fund of approximately $136.1 million and estimated completion dates ranging through December 31, 2019, as well as other completed development projects that are in various stages of lease-up or are stabilized. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has two unconsolidated operating properties (Nexus Sawgrass and Domain) that are owned with the same third party joint venture partner. The joint venture agreements with this partner are primarily deal-specific regarding profit-sharing, equity contributions, returns on investment, buy-sell agreements and other customary provisions. The buy-sell arrangements contain provisions that provide the right, but not the obligation, for the Company to acquire the partner’s interests or sell its interests at any time following the occurrence of certain pre-defined events described in the joint venture agreements. See Note 6 for further discussion. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, total operating lease expense for ground leases and office space, including a portion of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and utilities, aggregated $26.6 million, $26.2 million and $24.5 million, respectively. The Company has entered into a retirement benefits agreement with its Chairman of the Board of Trustees and deferred compensation agreements with its Vice Chairman and one former chief executive officer. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized compensation expense of $0.4 million, $0.3 million and $0.4 million, respectively, related to these agreements. The following table summarizes the Company’s contractual obligations for minimum rent payments under operating leases and deferred compensation for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2017: F-58 Table of Contents Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenues and incur expenses and about which discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker decides how resources are allocated and assesses performance on a recurring basis at least quarterly. The Company’s primary business is the acquisition, development and management of multifamily residential properties, which includes the generation of rental and other related income through the leasing of apartment units to residents. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the Company’s operating performance geographically by market and both on a same store and non-same store basis. The Company’s same store operating segments located in its coastal gateway markets represent its reportable segments. The Company’s operating segments located in its other markets (Phoenix) that are not material have also been included in the tables presented below. The Company’s fee and asset management and development activities are other business activities that do not constitute an operating segment and as such, have been aggregated in the “Other” category in the tables presented below. All revenues are from external customers and there is no customer who contributed 10% or more of the Company’s total revenues during the three years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 or 2015. The primary financial measure for the Company’s rental real estate segment is net operating income (“NOI”), which represents rental income less: 1) property and maintenance expense and 2) real estate taxes and insurance expense (all as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company’s apartment properties. Revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. The following table presents a reconciliation of NOI from our rental real estate specific to continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (amounts in thousands): F-59 Table of Contents The following tables present NOI for each segment from our rental real estate specific to continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as well as total assets and capital expenditures at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively (amounts in thousands): F-60 Table of Contents Subsequent Events Subsequent to December 31, 2017, the Company: Other During the year ended December 31, 20 14, the Operating Partnership issued the 3.00% Series P Cumulative Redeemable Preference Units with a liquidation value of approximately $18.4 million in conjunction with the buyout of its partner’s 95% interest in a previously unconsolidated development property. The Series P Preference Units were classified as a liability due in part to the fact that the holder could put the units back to the Operating Partnership for cash. Dividends wer e paid quarterly on the Series P Preference Units. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding Series P Preference Units at a par value of $18.4 million and retired these units in conjunction with the purchase. In conjunction with this transaction, the Company reduced other liabilities by $18.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company sold its entire interest in the management contracts and related rights associated with the military housing ventures at Joint Base Lewis McChord consisting of 5,161 apartment units for approximately $63.3 million and recognized a gain on sale of approximately $52.4 million, which is included in interest and other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Equity Residential The following unaudited quarterly data has been prepared on the basis of a December 31 year-end. Amounts are in thousands, except for per share amounts. F-61 Table of Contents * The Company did not have any extraordinary items or cumulative effect of change in accounting principle during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Therefore, income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is not shown as it was equal to the net income amounts disclosed above. ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following unaudited quarterly data has been prepared on the basis of a December 31 year-end. Amounts are in thousands, except for per Unit amounts. * The Operating Partnership did not have any extraordinary items or cumulative effect of change in accounting principle during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Therefore, income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is not shown as it was equal to the net income amounts disclosed above. F-62 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation Overall Summary December 31, 2017 S-1 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Reconciliation December 31, 2017 S-2 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Amounts in thousands) The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: S-3 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-4 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-6 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-7 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-8 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-9 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 S-10 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2017 NOTES: S-11