10-Q 1 eqr-10q_20180630.htm 10-Q eqr-10q_20180630.htm Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018 OR For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 1-12252 (Equity Residential) Commission File Number: 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ( Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Equity Residential: ERP Operating Limited Partnership: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). The number of EQR Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value, outstanding on July 27, 2018 was 368,281,975. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018 of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “EQR” mean Equity Residential, a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “ERPOP” mean ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. The following chart illustrates the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s corporate structure: EQR is the general partner of, and as of June 30, 2018 owned an approximate 96.3% ownership interest in, ERPOP. The remaining 3.7% interest is owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP’s day-to-day management. Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of EQR consists of the same members as the management of ERPOP. The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT (“UPREIT”) and EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units (see definition below) in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering. The Company may acquire properties in transactions that include the issuance of OP Units as consideration for the acquired properties. Such transactions may, in certain circumstances, enable the sellers to defer in whole or in part, the recognition of taxable income or gain that might otherwise result from the sales. This is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner shown above. Based on the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged with Common Shares on a one-for-one basis because the Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units of ERPOP issued to EQR and the outstanding Common Shares. The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-Q of EQR and ERPOP into this single report provides the following benefits: The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between EQR and ERPOP in the context of how EQR and ERPOP operate as a consolidated company. All of the Company ’ s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR ’ s primary function is acting as the general partner of ERPOP. EQR also issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, and guarantees certain debt of ERPOP, as disclosed in this report. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company ’ s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by EQR, which are contributed to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional partnership interests in ERPOP (“OP Units”) (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis) or additional preference units in ERPOP (on a one-for-one preferred share per preference unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company’s Table of Contents business. These sources include the Operating Partnership ’ s working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program, the issuance of secured and unsecu red debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and joint venture interests. Shareholders ’ equity, partners ’ capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners ’ capital in the Operating Partnership ’ s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in the Company ’ s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership ’ s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships. The noncontrolling interests in the Company ’ s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership level and limited partner OP Unit holders of the Operating Partnership. The differences between shareholders ’ equity and partners ’ capital result from differences in the equity issued at the Company and Operating Partnership levels. To help investors understand the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report provides separate consolidated financial statements for the Company and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of each entity ’ s debt, noncontrolling interests and shareholders ’ equity or partners ’ capital, as applicable; and a combined Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section that includes discrete information related to each entity. This report also includes separate Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350. In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of ERPOP, EQR consolidates ERPOP for financial reporting purposes, and EQR essentially has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands except for share amounts) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 2 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 3 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 4 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 5 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 6 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 7 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 8 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 9 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LI MITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 10 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 11 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued) (Amounts in thousands except per Unit data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 12 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 13 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 14 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 15 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 16 Table of Contents ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (Continued) (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes 17 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) Equity Residential (“EQR”) is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of rental apartment properties primarily in urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”) is focused on conducting the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential. EQR is a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993 and ERPOP is an Illinois limited partnership formed in May 1993. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. Unless otherwise indicated, the notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both the Company and the Operating Partnership. EQR is the general partner of, and as of June 30, 2018 owned an approximate 96.3% ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues public equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. As of June 30, 2018, the Company, directly or indirectly through investments in title holding entities, owned all or a portion of 304 properties located in 10 states and the District of Columbia consisting of 78,645 apartment units. The ownership breakdown includes (table does not include various uncompleted development properties): Note: Effective February 1, 2018 and April 2, 2018, the Company took over management of two of its Master-Leased properties containing 94 apartment units and 597 apartment units located in Boston and Los Angeles, respectively. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) and certain reclassifications considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period financial statements in order to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications did not have an impact on net income previously reported. Operating results for the six months ended June 30, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2018. In preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The balance sheets at December 31, 2017 have been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. 18 Table of Contents For further information, including definitions of capitalized terms not defined herein, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Income and Other Taxes Due to the structure of EQR as a REIT and the nature of the operations of its operating properties, no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the EQR level. In addition, ERPOP generally is not liable for federal income taxes as the partners recognize their proportionate share of income or loss in their tax returns; therefore no provision for federal income taxes has been made at the ERPOP level. Historically, the Company has generally only incurred certain state and local income, excise and franchise taxes. The Company has elected Taxable REIT Subsidiary (“TRS”) status for certain of its corporate subsidiaries and as a result, these entities will incur both federal and state income taxes on any taxable income of such entities after consideration of any net operating losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. These assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates for which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effects of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings in the period enacted. The Company’s deferred tax assets were generally the result of tax affected suspended interest deductions, net operating losses, differing depreciable lives on capitalized assets and the timing of expense recognition for certain accrued liabilities. In December 2017, the President signed into law H.R. 1, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act is not expected to have a material impact on our REIT or subsidiary entities, our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT or on our results of operations. However, the complete impact of the Tax Act is not yet fully known and there can be no assurances that it will have a neutral or favorable impact. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new leases standard which sets out principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessors and lessees). The new standard requires the following: The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted, though the Company currently anticipates adopting the new standard on the effective date. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective method, which requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented and provides for certain practical expedients, which the Company currently anticipates electing. The Company anticipates that its residential and retail/commercial leases where it is the lessor will continue to be accounted for as operating leases under the new standard. Therefore, the Company does not currently anticipate significant changes in the accounting for its lease revenues. The Company is also the lessee under various corporate office and ground leases, which it will be required to recognize as right of use assets and related lease liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets upon adoption. The Company currently anticipates that its corporate office leases where it is the lessee will continue to be accounted for as operating leases under the new standard. Based on its anticipated election of the practical expedients, the Company would not be required to reassess the classification of existing ground leases and therefore these leases would continue to be accounted for as operating leases. However, in the event we modify existing ground leases and/or enter into new ground leases after adoption of the new standard, such leases will likely be classified as finance leases. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. 19 Table of Contents In July 2018, the FASB issued an amendm ent to the new leases standard, which includes a practical expedient that provides lessors an option not to separate lease and non-lease components when certain criteria are met and instead account for those components as a single component under the new l eases standard. The amendment also provides a transition option that permits the application of the new guidance as of the adoption date rather than to all periods presented. The Company anticipates electing the practical expedient to account for both it s lease and non-lease components as a single component under the leases standard and electing the new transition option. In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard which requires companies to adopt a new approach for estimating credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, such as trade and other receivables and loans. The standard will require entities to estimate a lifetime expected credit loss for most financial instruments, including trade receivables. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. In August 2017, the FASB issued a final standard which makes changes to the hedge accounting model to enable entities to better portray their risk management activities in the financial statements. The new standard expands an entity’s ability to hedge nonfinancial and financial risk components, reduces complexity in fair value hedges of interest rate risk and eases certain documentation and assessment requirements. The new standard also eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness and generally requires the entire change in the fair value of any hedging instrument to be presented in the same income statement line as the hedged instrument. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard entitled Revenue from Contracts with Customers that superseded nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. The new standard specifically excludes lease revenue. The new standard’s core principle is that a company recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Companies will likely need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under previous revenue recognition guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration, if any, to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The new standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or prospectively with the cumulative effect, if any, recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company selected the modified retrospective transition method as of the date of adoption as required effective January 1, 2018. Approximately 94% of rental income consists of revenue from leasing arrangements, which is specifically excluded from the standard (included as leasing revenue in the table below). The Company analyzed its remaining revenue streams, inclusive of fee and asset management and gains and losses on sales, and concluded these revenue streams have the same timing and pattern of revenue recognition under the new guidance, and therefore the Company had no changes in revenue recognition with the adoption of the new standard. As such, adoption of the standard did not result in a cumulative adjustment recognized as of January 1, 2018, and the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations, equity/capital or cash flows. For the remaining approximately 6% of rental income that is subject to the new revenue recognition standard, the Company’s disaggregated revenue streams are disclosed in the table below for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018. These revenue streams have the same timing and pattern of revenue recognition across our reportable segments, with consistent allocations between the leasing and revenue recognition standards. The revenue streams and percentages are comparable with the percentage of rental income for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2017. The following table presents the disaggregation of revenue streams of our rental income for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018 (amounts in thousands): 20 Table of Contents Additionally, as part of the new revenue recognition standard, the FASB issued amendments related to partial sales of real estate (see further discussion below). Adoption of the new partial sales standard did not result in a change of accounting for the Company related to its disposition process. We concluded that the Company’s typical dispositions will continue to meet the criteria for sale and associated profit recognition under both new standards. In January 2016, the FASB issued a new standard which requires companies to measure all equity securities with readily determinable fair values at fair value on the balance sheet, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The Company adopted this new standard as required effective January 1, 2018 and it did not have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial position. In August 2016 and October 2016, the FASB issued new standards to clarify how specific transactions are classified and presented on the statement of cash flows. Among other clarifications, the new standards specifically provide guidance for the following items within the statement of cash flows which have required significant judgment in the past: The new standards must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The Company adopted the new standard in the fourth quarter of 2017 and will continue to apply the look-through approach for distributions received from equity method investees. While overall cash flows did not change, there are changes between cash flow classifications due primarily to the debt prepayment penalties that the Company has incurred in the comparative period. As of June 30, 2017, the following cash flows were reclassified (amounts in thousands): 21 Table of Contents In January 2017, the FASB issued a new standard which clarified the definition of a business. The standard’s objective was to add additional guidance that assists companies in determining whether transactions should be accounted for as an asset acquisition or a business combination. The new standard first requires an entity to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the set is not a business. If this threshold is not met, the entity next evaluates whether the set meets the requirement that a business include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. Among other differences, transaction costs associated with asset acquisitions are capitalized while those associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred. In addition, purchase price in an asset acquisition is allocated on a relative fair value basis while in a business combination it is generally measured at fair value. The new standard will be applied prospectively to any transactions occurring within the period of adoption. The Company early adopted the new standard as allowed effective January 1, 2017. The Company anticipates that substantially all of its transactions will now be accounted for as asset acquisitions, which means transaction costs will largely be capitalized as noted above. In February 2017, the FASB issued a new standard which clarifies the accounting treatment for partial sales of nonfinancial assets (i.e. real estate). The standard clarifies that partial sales transactions include contributions of nonfinancial assets to a joint venture or other noncontrolled investee. Companies must recognize a full gain or loss on transfers of nonfinancial assets to equity method investees. The standard requires companies to derecognize distinct nonfinancial assets or distinct in substance nonfinancial assets in partial sale transactions when it does not have a controlling financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset and transfers control of the asset. Once the distinct nonfinancial asset is transferred, the company is required to measure any non-controlling interest it receives or retains at fair value and recognize a full gain or loss on the transaction. If a company transfers ownership interests in a consolidated subsidiary and continues to maintain a controlling financial interest, the company does not derecognize the assets or liabilities, and accounts for the transaction as an equity transaction and no gain or loss is recognized. The Company adopted this new standard concurrently with the new revenue recognition standard as required effective January 1, 2018. The Company has not had a partial sale of nonfinancial assets in the current or comparative periods, therefore the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. Other The Company is the controlling partner in various consolidated partnerships owning 17 properties consisting of 3,535 apartment units having a noncontrolling interest deficit balance of $1.6 million at June 30, 2018. The Company is required to make certain 22 Table of Contents disclosures regar ding noncontrolling interests in consolidated limited-life subsidiaries. Of the consolidated entities described above, the Company is the controlling partner in limited-life partnerships owning four properties having a noncontrolling interest deficit bala nce of $8.7 million. These four partnership agreements contain provisions that require the partnerships to be liquidated through the sale of their assets upon reaching a date specified in each respective partnership agreement. The Company, as controlling partner, has an obligation to cause the property owning partnerships to distribute the proceeds of liquidation to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties only to the extent that the net proceeds received by the partnerships from t he sale of their assets warrant a distribution based on the partnership agreements. As of June 30, 2018, the Company estimates the value of Noncontrolling Interest distributions for these four properties would have been approximately $66.8 million (“Settl ement Value”) had the partnerships been liquidated. This Settlement Value is based on estimated third party consideration realized by the partnerships upon disposition of the four Partially Owned Properties and is net of all other assets and liabilities, including yield maintenance on the mortgages encumbering the properties, that would have been due on June 30, 2018 had those mortgages been prepaid. Due to, among other things, the inherent uncertainty in the sale of real estate assets, the amount of any potential distribution to the Noncontrolling Interests in the Company’s Partially Owned Properties is subject to change. To the extent that the partnerships’ underlying assets are worth less than the underlying liabilities, the Company has no obligation t o remit any consideration to the Noncontrolling Interests in these Partially Owned Properties . Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests of Equity Residential The following tables present the changes in the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Shares and “Units” (which includes OP Units and restricted units) for the six months ended June 30, 2018: The equity positions of various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of restricted units, are collectively referred to as the “Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of restricted units), the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total plus the number of Common Shares. Net income is allocated to the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging holder of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership”. Instruments that 23 Table of Contents require settlement in registered shares cannot be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer’s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share p rice of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units that are classified in permanent equity at June 3 0, 2018 and December 31, 2017. The carrying value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in proportion to the number of Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of June 30, 2018, the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership have a redemption value of approximately $366.5 million, which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange for the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership Units. The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership for the six months ended June 30, 2018 (amounts in thousands): Net proceeds from EQR Common Share and Preferred Share (see definition below) offerings are contributed by EQR to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the Preferred Shares issued in the equity offering). As a result, the net offering proceeds from Common Shares and Preferred Shares are allocated between shareholders’ equity and Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership to account for the change in their respective percentage ownership of the underlying equity of ERPOP. The Company’s declaration of trust authorizes it to issue up to 100,000,000 preferred shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share (the “Preferred Shares”), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as the Board of Trustees may determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that are senior to the rights of holders of the Company’s Common Shares. The following table presents the Company’s issued and outstanding Preferred Shares as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017: 24 Table of Contents Capital and Redeemable Limited Partners of ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables present the changes in the Operating Partnership’s issued and outstanding Units and in the limited partners’ Units for the six months ended June 30, 2018: The Limited Partners of the Operating Partnership as of June 30, 2018 include various individuals and entities that contributed their properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, as well as the equity positions of the holders of restricted units. Subject to certain exceptions (including the “book-up” requirements of restricted units), Limited Partners may exchange their Units with EQR for Common Shares on a one-for-one basis. The carrying value of the Limited Partner Units (including redeemable interests) is allocated based on the number of Limited Partner Units in total in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total plus the number of General Partner Units. Net income is allocated to the Limited Partner Units based on the weighted average ownership percentage during the period. The Operating Partnership has the right but not the obligation to make a cash payment instead of issuing Common Shares to any and all holders of Limited Partner Units requesting an exchange of their OP Units with EQR. Once the Operating Partnership elects not to redeem the Limited Partner Units for cash, EQR is obligated to deliver Common Shares to the exchanging limited partner. The Limited Partner Units are classified as either mezzanine equity or permanent equity. If EQR is required, either by contract or securities law, to deliver registered Common Shares, such Limited Partner Units are differentiated and referred to as “Redeemable Limited Partner Units”. Instruments that require settlement in registered shares cannot be classified in permanent equity as it is not always completely within an issuer’s control to deliver registered shares. Therefore, settlement in cash is assumed and that responsibility for settlement in cash is deemed to fall to the Operating Partnership as the primary source of cash for EQR, resulting in presentation in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet. The Redeemable Limited Partner Units are adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value based on the Common Share price of EQR at the end of each respective reporting period. EQR has the ability to deliver unregistered Common Shares for the remaining portion of the Limited Partner Units that are classified in permanent equity at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 . The carrying value of the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is allocated based on the number of Redeemable Limited Partner Units in proportion to the number of Limited Partner Units in total. Such percentage of the total carrying value of Limited Partner Units which is ascribed to the Redeemable Limited Partner Units is then adjusted to the greater of carrying value or fair market value as described above. As of June 30, 2018, the Redeemable Limited Partner Units have a redemption value of approximately $366.5 million, which represents the value of Common Shares that would be issued in exchange for the Redeemable Limited Partner Units. 25 Table of Contents The following table presents the changes in the redemption value of the Redeemable Limited Partners for the six months ended June 30, 2018 (amounts in thousands): EQR contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings (including proceeds from exercise of options for Common Shares) to ERPOP. In return for those contributions, EQR receives a number of OP Units in ERPOP equal to the number of Common Shares it has issued in the equity offering (or in the case of a preferred equity offering, a number of preference units in ERPOP equal in number and having the same terms as the preferred shares issued in the equity offering). The following table presents the Operating Partnership’s issued and outstanding “Preference Units” as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 : Other In September 2009, the Company announced the establishment of an At-The-Market (“ATM”) share offering program which would allow EQR to sell Common Shares from time to time into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Per the terms of ERPOP’s partnership agreement, EQR contributes the net proceeds from all equity offerings to the capital of ERPOP in exchange for additional OP Units (on a one-for-one Common Share per OP Unit basis). The program currently has a maturity of June 2019. EQR has the authority to issue 13.0 million shares but has not issued any shares under this program since September 2012. The Company may repurchase up to 13.0 million Common Shares under its share repurchase program. No shares were repurchased during the six months ended June 30, 2018. As of June 30, 2018, EQR has remaining authorization to repurchase up to 13.0 million of its shares under the repurchase program. 26 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company’s investment in real estate (at cost) as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands): The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for the Company’s above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands): The following table provides a summary of the effect of the amortization for above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): 27 Table of Contents The following table provides a summary of the aggregate amortization for above and below market ground and retail lease intangibles for ea ch of the next five years (amounts in thousands): During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company acquired the entire equity interest in the following from unaffiliated parties (purchase price in thousands): During the six months ended June 30, 2018 , the Company disposed of the following to unaffiliated parties (sales price in thousands): The Company recognized a net gain on sales of real estate properties of approximately $142.2 million and a net gain on sales of land parcels of approximately $1.0 million on the above sales. The Company has entered into a separate agreement to acquire the following (purchase price in thousands): The Company has entered into a separate agreement to dispose of the following (sales price in thousands): The closing of these pending transactions are subject to certain conditions and restrictions, therefore, there can be no assurance that these transactions will be consummated or that the final terms will not differ in material respects from those summarized above. The Company has co-invested in various properties with unrelated third parties which are either consolidated or accounted for under the equity method of accounting (unconsolidated). Consolidated Variable Interest Entities (“VIEs”) In accordance with accounting standards for consolidation of VIEs, the Company consolidates ERPOP on EQR’s financial statements. As the sole general partner of ERPOP, EQR has exclusive control of ERPOP’s day-to-day management. The limited 28 Table of Contents partners are not able to exercise substantive kick-out or participating rights. As a result, ERPOP qualifies as a VIE. EQR has a controlling financi al interest in ERPOP and, thus, is ERPOP’s primary beneficiary. EQR has the power to direct the activities of ERPOP that most significantly impact ERPOP’s economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits fro m ERPOP that could potentially be significant to ERPOP. The Company has various equity interests in certain joint ventures owning 17 properties containing 3,535 apartment units. The Company is the general partner or managing member of these joint ventures and is responsible for managing the operations and affairs of the joint ventures as well as making all decisions regarding the businesses of the joint ventures. The limited partners or non-managing members are not able to exercise substantive kick-out or participating rights. As a result, the joint ventures qualify as VIEs. The Company has a controlling financial interest in the VIEs and, thus, is the VIEs’ primary beneficiary. The Company has both the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs’ economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. As a result, the joint ventures are required to be consolidated on the Company’s financial statements. The consolidated assets and liabilities related to the joint ventures were approximately $717.5 million and $313.4 million, respectively, at June 30, 2018 and approximately $518.9 million and $307.0 million, respectively, at December 31, 2017. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities The following table and information summarizes the Company’s investments in unconsolidated entities, which are accounted for under the equity method of accounting as the requirements for consolidation are not met, as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands except for ownership percentage): The following table presents the Company’s restricted deposits as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (amounts in thousands): 29 Table of Contents EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. EQR guarantees the Operating Partnership’s revolving credit facility up to the maximum amount and for the full term of the facility. Weighted average interest rates noted below for the six months ended June 30, 2018 are net of the effect of any derivative instruments. Mortgage Notes Payable As of June 30, 2018, the Company had outstanding mortgage debt of approximately $2.9 billion. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company: The Company recorded $1.6 million of write-offs of unamortized deferred financing costs during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as additional interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. The Company also recorded $0.2 million of write-offs of net unamortized premiums during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as a reduction of interest expense related to debt extinguishment of mortgages. As of June 30, 2018, the Company had $563.4 million of secured debt subject to third party credit enhancement. As of June 30, 2018, scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding mortgage indebtedness were at various dates through May 28, 2061. At June 30, 2018, the interest rate range on the Company’s mortgage debt was 0.10% to 6.90%. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s mortgage debt was 4.22%. Notes As of June 30, 2018, the Company had outstanding unsecured notes of approximately $5.5 billion. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company issued $500.0 million of ten-year 3.50% unsecured notes, receiving net proceeds of approximately $497.0 million before underwriting fees, hedge termination costs and other expenses, at an all-in effective interest rate of 3.61%. As of June 30, 2018 , scheduled maturities for the Company’s outstanding notes were at various dates through August 1, 2047. At June 30, 2018, the interest rate range on the Company’s notes before the effect of certain fair value hedges was 2.375% to 7.57%. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s notes was 4.27%. The Company’s unsecured public debt contains certain financial and operating covenants including, among other things, maintenance of certain financial ratios. The Company was in compliance with its unsecured public debt covenants for the six months ended June 30, 2018. Line of Credit and Commercial Paper On November 3, 2016, the Company replaced its existing $2.5 billion facility with a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing January 10, 2022. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $750.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 0.825%), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 12.5 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company’s long term debt. 30 Table of Contents On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured commercial paper note program in the United States. The Company may borrow up to a maximum of $500.0 million under this program subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company’s other unsecured sen ior indebtedness. As of June 30, 2018, there was a balance of $345.8 million outstanding on the commercial paper program ($347.0 million in principal outstanding net of an unamortized discount of $1.2 million). The notes bear interest at various floating rates with a weighted average of 2.16% for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and a weighted average maturity of 48 days as of June 30, 2018. As of June 30 , 2018, the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.65 billion (net of $6.7 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $347.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the weighted average interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 2.29%. Other On April 24, 2017, the Company executed a new letter of credit facility with a third party financial institution which is not backed by or collateralized by borrowings on the Company’s unsecured revolving credit facility. As of June 30, 2018, there was $9.0 million in letters of credit outstanding on this facility. The valuation of financial instruments requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. The Company, where possible, bases the fair values of its financial instruments, including its derivative instruments, on listed market prices and third party quotes. Where these are not available, the Company bases its estimates on current instruments with similar terms and maturities or on other factors relevant to the financial instruments. In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. A three-level valuation hierarchy exists for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are defined as follows: The Company’s derivative positions are valued using models developed by the respective counterparty as well as models developed internally by the Company that use as their basis readily observable market parameters (such as forward yield curves and credit default swap data). Employee holdings other than Common Shares within the supplemental executive retirement plan (the “SERP”) are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets and are included in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests – Operating Partnership/Redeemable Limited Partners are valued using the quoted market price of Common Shares. The fair values disclosed for mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) were calculated using indicative rates provided by lenders of similar loans in the case of mortgage notes payable and the private unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) and quoted market prices for each underlying issuance in the case of the public unsecured notes. 31 Table of Contents The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments (other than mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, commercial paper, line of credit and derivative instruments), including cash and cash equivalents and other financial instruments, approximate their carrying or contract value. The following table provides a summary of the carrying and fair values for the Company’s mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (including its commercial paper and line of credit, if applicable) at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): The following table summarizes the Company’s consolidated derivative instruments at June 30, 2018 (dollar amounts are in thousands): 32 Table of Contents The following tables provide a summary of the fair value measurements for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the location within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): 33 Table of Contents The following tables provide a summary of the effect of fair value hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): The following tables provide a summary of the effect of cash flow hedges on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): As of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , there were approximately $67.3 million and $88.6 million in deferred losses, net, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), respectively, related to derivative instruments. Based on the estimated fair values of the net derivative instruments at June 30, 2018 , the Company may recognize an estimated $19.9 million of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as additional interest expense during the twelve months ending June 30, 2019. In February 2018, the Company received approximately $1.6 million to settle two forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of $500.0 million of ten-year unsecured public notes. The entire $1.6 million was initially deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be recognized as a decrease to interest expense over the ten-year term of the notes. 34 Table of Contents Equity Residential The following tables set forth the computation of net income per share – basic and net income per share – diluted for the Company (amounts in thousands except per share amounts): ERP Operating Limited Partnership The following tables set forth the computation of net income per Unit – basic and net income per Unit – diluted for the Operating Partnership (amounts in thousands except per Unit amounts): 35 Table of Contents The Company, as an owner of real estate, is subject to various Federal, state and local environmental laws. Compliance by the Company with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on the Company. However, the Company cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations on its current properties or on properties that it may acquire in the future. As of June 30, 2018, the Company does have environmental reserves totaling approximately $5.2 million related to three of its properties. The Company had established a reserve related to various litigation matters associated with its Massachusetts properties and periodically assessed the adequacy of the reserve and made adjustments as necessary. As of June 30, 2018, the matters were resolved for a total payout of $0.9 million and no reserve remains outstanding. The Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. As of June 30, 2018, the Company has four wholly owned projects totaling 912 apartment units in various stages of development with remaining commitments to fund of approximately $466.0 million and estimated completion dates ranging through September 30, 2021, as well as other completed development projects that are in various stages of lease-up or are stabilized. As of June 30, 2018, the Company has two unconsolidated operating properties that are owned with the same third party joint venture partner under separate agreements. The joint venture agreements with this partner are primarily deal-specific regarding profit-sharing, equity contributions, returns on investment, buy-sell agreements and other customary provisions. The buy-sell arrangements contain provisions that provide the right, but not the obligation, for the Company to acquire the partner’s interests or sell its interests at any time following the occurrence of certain pre-defined events described in the joint venture agreements. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenues and incur expenses and about which discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker decides how resources are allocated and assesses performance on a recurring basis at least quarterly. The Company’s primary business is the acquisition, development and management of multifamily residential properties, which includes the generation of rental and other related income through the leasing of apartment units to residents. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the Company’s operating performance geographically by market and both on a same store and non-same store basis. The Company’s same store operating segments located primarily in its coastal gateway markets represent its reportable segments. The Company’s operating segments located in its other markets (Phoenix) that are not material have also been included in the tables presented below. The Company’s fee and asset management and development activities are other business activities that do not constitute an operating segment and as such, have been aggregated in the “Other” category in the tables presented below. All revenues are from external customers and there is no customer who contributed 10% or more of the Company’s total revenues during the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The primary financial measure for the Company’s rental real estate segment is net operating income (“NOI”), which represents rental income less: 1) property and maintenance expense and 2) real estate taxes and insurance expense (all as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company’s apartment properties. Revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight-line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. 36 Table of Contents The following table presents a reconciliation of NOI from our rental real estate for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively (amounts in thousands): The following tables present NOI for each segment from our rental real estate for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, as well as total assets and capital expenditures at June 30, 2018 (amounts in thousands): 37 Table of Contents 38 Table of Contents There have been no material subsequent events occurring since June 30, 2018. 39 Table of Contents Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations For further information including definitions for capitalized terms not defined herein, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Forward-Looking Statements Forward-looking statements are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions made by management. While the Company’s management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is inherently subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and beyond management’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or supplement these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the following: Forward-looking statements and related uncertainties are also included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 40 Table of Contents Overview Equity Residential (“EQR”) is an S&P 500 company focused on the acquisition, development and management of rental apartment properties primarily in urban and high-density suburban coastal gateway markets. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”) is focused on conducting the multifamily residential property business of Equity Residential. EQR is a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993 and ERPOP is an Illinois limited partnership formed in May 1993. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. EQR is the general partner of, and as of June 30, 2018 owned an approximate 96.3% ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates property management offices in each of its markets. As of June 30, 2018, the Company had approximately 2,700 employees who provided real estate operations, leasing, legal, financial, accounting, acquisition, disposition, development and other support functions. Available Information You may access our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to any of those reports we file with the SEC free of charge on our website, www.equityapartments.com. These reports are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the SEC. The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this report. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies The Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s business objectives and operating and investing strategies have not changed materially from the information included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The Company is also actively seeking to invest in rental apartment properties in urban and high-density suburban areas of Denver, a market that shares many characteristics with the Company’s coastal gateway markets. We expect the acquisitions will be funded with proceeds from dispositions of properties in other markets. Results of Operations 2018 Transactions In conjunction with our business objectives and operating strategy, during the six months ended June 30, 2018 the Company continued to invest in apartment properties located primarily in our coastal gateway markets and sell apartment properties located primarily in the less dense portion of suburban markets and/or properties that we believe will have inferior long-term returns, as follows: 41 Table of Contents S ee also Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s real estate transactions. Same Store Results Properties that the Company owned and were stabilized (see definition below) for all of both of the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (the “Six-Month 2018 Same Store Properties”), which represented 72,210 apartment units, and properties that the Company owned and were stabilized for all of both of the quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (the “Second Quarter 2018 Same Store Properties”), which represented 72,629 apartment units, impacted the Company’s results of operations. Both the Six-Month 2018 Same Store Properties and the Second Quarter 2018 Same Store Properties are discussed in the following paragraphs. The Company’s primary financial measure for evaluating each of its apartment communities is net operating income (“NOI”). NOI represents rental income less direct property operating expenses (including real estate taxes and insurance). The Company believes that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of its operating performance because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of the Company’s apartment properties. The following tables provide a rollforward of the apartment units included in Same Store Properties and a reconciliation of apartment units included in Same Store Properties to those included in Total Properties for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018: 42 Table of Contents Note: Properties are considered “ stabilized ” when they have achieved 90% occupancy for three consecutive months. Properties are included in Same Store when they are stabilized for all of the current and comparable periods presented. Note: During the quarter ended June 30, 2018, the Company closed down a garage (CRP Sports Garage in Boston, Massachusetts) and began its demolition as it starts the development of West End Tower on the site. As a result, the garage was removed from the same store portfolio, which had no impact on the unit or property count for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018. The following table provides comparative same store results and statistics for the Six-Month 2018 Same Store Properties: June YTD 2018 vs. June YTD 2017 Same Store Results/Statistics for 72,210 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands (except for Average Rental Rate) Note: Same store revenues for all leases are reflected on a straight line basis in accordance with GAAP for the current and comparable periods. 43 Table of Contents The following table provides comparative same store operating expenses for the Six-Month 2018 Same Store Properties: June YTD 2018 vs. June YTD 2017 Same Store Operating Expenses for 72,210 Same Store Apartment Units $ in thousands The following tables present reconciliations of operating income per the consolidated statements of operations to NOI, along with rental income, operating expenses and NOI per the consolidated statements of operations allocated between same store and non-same store results (amounts in thousands): 44 Table of Contents For properties that the Company acquired or completed that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2017 and that the Company expects to continue to own through December 31, 2018, the Company anticipates the following same store results for the full year ending December 31, 2018, which assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward looking: Same store revenues increased 2.2% during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2017, which was at the higher end of our expectations, due to higher average rental rates and gains in occupancy. The Company now anticipates full year 2018 same store revenue growth of approximately 1.9% to 2.3% as compared to the original guidance range of 1.0% to 2.25% that was provided in February 2018. The Company’s primary focus in 2018 is to continue providing exceptional customer service in order to retain existing residents to drive renewal rate growth, which came in at 4.7%, and strong occupancy, which increased 0.3% to 96.1%, for the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. Washington D.C. continues to perform slightly better than target due to high occupancy rates and strong job growth leading to absorption of new supply in the market. However, we believe this market will continue to struggle with supply issues into 2019. Same store revenues increased 1.1% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which modestly exceeded our expectations. Occupancy of 96.2% for the first half of 2018 was higher than at the same time period last year. We expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 1.2% in this market in 2018, which is slightly better than our original expectations of 1.0%. In the New York market, we originally anticipated that elevated deliveries of new luxury supply would have an impact on our ability to raise rents and would require us to issue rent concessions. However, due to strong demand for our well-located properties, we have increased same store occupancy levels and used fewer concessions in the first half of 2018 than we originally expected. As a result, same store revenues increased 0.3% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which exceeded our expectations. Due to these strong demand conditions which led to higher occupancy and renewal rates, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 0.2% for full year 2018, which is significantly better than our original expectations of a decline of 0.75% for this market. Boston continues to steadily absorb new supply as a result of strong job growth in the business service sector. Additionally, renewal and occupancy rates were better than expected. Same store revenues increased 2.3% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. Due to the market’s continued ability to absorb the new supply and easing supply pressure in the second half of 2018, we now expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 2.1% i n this market in 2018, which is better than our original expectations of 1.6%. We have a continued cautious outlook for Seattle as the market feels the impact from elevated supply. While the job market continues to be strong and diverse, new lease and renewal rates were below our original expectations for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and we continue to have less ability to raise rents than we expected. Same store revenues increased 3.9% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which was lower than our original expectations . We do expect the rate pressures to continue during the second half of 2018 due primarily to new supply. As a result, we expect Seattle to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.0% in 2018, which is lower than our original expectations of 3.25% for this market. San Francisco continues to perform better than expected primarily as a result of strong demand driving occupancy, new lease growth and renewal rates. The market continues to show positive trends and is producing strong job growth compared to the prior year. As a result, s ame store revenues increased 2.8% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which exceeded our original expectations. As a result, we expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 2.9% in this market in 2018, which is significantly better than our original expectation of 1.75%. 45 Table of Contents Although Los Angeles continues to feel an increase in supply, these pressures were not as intense as expected due to delays in deliveries, which will shift the supply to later in the year or the beginning of 2019. As such, occupancy, re newals and new lease rates all exceeded our expectations. Same store revenues increased 3.3% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which was slightly higher than our original expectations. R esidential-only same sto re revenues increased 3.6% in the six months ended 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, while our reported revenue increase of 3.3% includes the impact of a negative, one-time non-residential income adjustment. W e expect to produce same store reve nue growth of approximately 3.4% in this market in 2018, which is better than our original expectations of 3.25%. Orange County experienced pressure on average rental rates and occupancy due to lease-ups within the Irvine area. Same store revenues increased 3.8% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which was slightly lower than our original expectations. We expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 3.5% in this market in 2018, which is lower than our original expectations of 4.0%. In the San Diego market, we experienced less new supply pressure in the downtown area towards the end of the first half of 2018. Same store revenues increased 4.1% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, which slightly exceeded our expectations. We expect to produce same store revenue growth of approximately 4.0% in this market in 2018, which is consistent with our original expectations. Same store expenses increased 3.5% during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. The Company now anticipates that full year 2018 same store expenses will increase 3.5% to 4.0% as compared to the original guidance range of 3.5% to 4.5% that was provided in February 2018, primarily due to the following items: Same store NOI increased 1.6% during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2017, which was at the higher end of our expectations. The Company now anticipates full year 2018 same store NOI growth of approximately 1.0% to 1.8% as compared to the original guidance range of 0.0% to 1.5% that was provided in February 2018, as a result of the above same store revenue and expense expectations. S ee also Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Non-Same Store/Other Results Non-same store/other NOI results for the six months ended June 30, 2018 increased approximately $20.9 million compared to the same period of 2017 and consist primarily of properties acquired in calendar years 2017 and 2018, operations from the Company’s development properties and operations prior to disposition from 2017 and 2018 sold properties. This difference is due primarily to: 46 Table of Contents The Company’s guidance assumes consolidated rental acquisitions of $700.0 million and consolidated rental dispositions of $700.0 million and expects that the Acquisition Cap Rate will be 0.0% to 0.25% lower than the Disposition Yield for the full year ending December 31, 2018. The Company currently budgets one development start during the year ending December 31, 2018, which started in the second quarter of 2018. We currently budget spending approximately $130.0 million on development costs during the year ending December 31, 2018, primarily for properties currently under construction including the one project started in 2018. We assume that this capital will be primarily sourced with excess operating cash flow, future debt offerings and borrowings on our revolving credit facility and/or commercial paper program. These 2018 assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking. Comparison of the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018 to the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2017 For the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $0.88 compared to $0.92 per share/unit in the same period of 2017. The difference is primarily due to approximately $0.08 per share/unit in higher debt extinguishment costs and lower non-operating asset gains on sale and $0.08 per share/unit in higher depreciation expense in 2018 as compared to 2017, partially offset by $0.09 per share/unit in higher property NOI and $0.05 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales in 2018 as compared to 2017, as discussed below. For the quarter ended June 30, 2018, the Company reported diluted earnings per share/unit of $0.31 compared to $0.53 per share/unit in the same period of 2017. The difference is primarily due to $0.23 per share/unit in higher gains on property sales and $0.03 per share/unit of lower depreciation expense in the second quarter of 2017 as compared to 2018, partially offset by $0.05 per share/unit in higher property NOI in the second quarter of 2018 as compared to the same period of 2017, as discussed below. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, consolidated rental income increased 4.6%, consolidated operating expenses (comprised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) increased 6.0% and consolidated NOI increased 4.0% when compared to the six months ended June 30, 2017. The increase in NOI is primarily a result of the Company’s improved NOI from same store and lease-up properties. For the quarter ended June 30, 2018, consolidated rental income increased 4.5%, consolidated operating expenses (compromised of property and maintenance and real estate taxes and insurance) increased 3.4% and consolidated NOI increased 4.9% when compared to the quarter ended June 30, 2017. The increase in NOI is primarily a result of the Company’s improved NOI from same store and lease-up properties. Property management expenses include off-site expenses associated with the self-management of the Company’s properties as well as management fees paid to any third party management companies. These expenses increased approximately $3.1 million or 7.0% and approximately $1.9 million or 8.8% for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. These increases are primarily attributable to increases in payroll-related costs and computer operations costs. The Company anticipates that property management expenses will approximate $89.5 million to $91.5 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. General and administrative expenses, which include corporate operating expenses, increased approximately $1.0 million or 3.5% for the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to an increase in payroll-related costs. General and administrative expenses decreased approximately $1.1 million or 8.2% for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in payroll-related costs. The Company anticipates that general and administrative expenses will approximate $52.0 to $54.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. Depreciation expense, which includes depreciation on non-real estate assets, increased approximately $30.4 million or 8.5% and $13.0 million or 7.3% for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, pr imarily as a result of additional depreciation expense on properties acquired in 2017 and 2018 and development properties placed in service during 2017 and 2018. Interest and other income increased approximately $5.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period , primarily due to a $4.7 million increase in insurance/litigation settlement proceeds during the first half of 2018. The Company anticipates that interest and other income will approximate $1.5 million for the year ending December 31, 2018, excluding certain non-comparable insurance/litigation settlement proceeds. Other expenses increased approximately $5.1 million and $2.7 million for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018, respectively, compared to the prior year periods , primarily due to an increase in expenses related to insurance, litigation and environmental settlements and advocacy contributions in 2018 as compared to 2017. Interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, increased approximately $14.2 million or 7.0% and $2.9 47 Table of Contents million or 3.1% fo r the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The increase is primarily a result of $11.1 million in higher debt extinguishment costs for the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period, as well as lower capitalized interest due to the Company’s decline in development activity for the six months and quarter ended June 30, 2018, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness for th e six months ended June 30, 2018 was 4.40% as compared to 4.53% for the prior year period. The effective interest cost on all indebtedness for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 was 4.37% as compared to 4.45% for the prior year period. The Company capitaliz ed interest of approximately $2.9 million and $16.6 million during the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $1.2 million and $8.4 million during the quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Company anticipates that in terest expense, excluding debt extinguishment costs/prepayment penalties, will approximate $375.8 million to $384.3 million and capitalized interest will approximate $6.0 million to $7.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2018. The 2018 guidance/projections provided above are based on current projections and are forward-looking. Net gain on sales of real estate properties increased approximately $17.7 million or 14.2% during the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of the sale of four consolidated apartment properties during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to three consolidated apartment properties sold during the six months ended June 30, 2017, all of which did not meet the criteria for reporting discontinued operations. Net gain on sales of real estate properties decreased approximately $87.8 million during the quarter ended June 30, 2018 compared to the prior year period as a result of the sale of two consolidated properties in the prior year period as compared to no consolidated property sales in the same period in 2018. Net gain on sales of land parcels decreased approximately $18.2 million or 94.8% during the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the prior year period due to the gain on sale of one land parcel with a lower basis in the prior year compared to the gain on sale of one land parcel in the current year. Net gain on sales of land parcels increased approximately $1.0 million during the quarter ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the prior year period as a result of the gain on sale of one land parcel as compared to no land parcel sales in the same period in 2017. Liquidity and Capital Resources Short-Term Liquidity and Cash Proceeds The Company generally expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related to maintaining its existing properties and scheduled unsecured note and mortgage note repayments, through its working capital, net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. Under normal operating conditions, the Company considers its cash provided by operating activities to be adequate to meet operating requirements and payments of distributions. As of January 1, 2018, the Company had approximately $50.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, approximately $50.1 million of restricted deposits and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.69 billion (net of $6.6 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $300.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). After taking into effect the various transactions discussed in the following paragraphs and the net cash provided by operating activities, at June 30, 2018, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance was approximately $34.5 million, the restricted deposits balance was approximately $54.4 million and the amount available on its revolving credit facility was $1.65 billion (net of $6.7 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $347.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company generated proceeds from various transactions, which included the following: 48 Table of Contents During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the above proceeds along with net cash flow from op erations and borrowings from the Company’s revolving line of credit and commercial paper program were primarily utilized to: Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program On November 3, 2016, the Company replaced its existing $2.5 billion facility with a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility maturing January 10, 2022. The Company has the ability to increase available borrowings by an additional $750.0 million by adding additional banks to the facility or obtaining the agreement of existing banks to increase their commitments. The interest rate on advances under the facility will generally be LIBOR plus a spread (currently 0.825%), or based on bids received from the lending group, and the Company pays an annual facility fee (currently 12.5 basis points). Both the spread and the facility fee are dependent on the credit rating of the Company’s long-term debt. On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured commercial paper note program in the United States. The Company may borrow up to a maximum of $500.0 million under this program subject to market conditions. The notes will be sold under customary terms in the United States commercial paper note market and will rank pari passu with all of the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. As of July 27, 2018, there was a balance of $500.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program. As of July 27, 2018, no amounts were outstanding and the amount available on the revolving credit facility was $1.49 billion (net of $6.7 million which was restricted/dedicated to support letters of credit and net of $500.0 million in principal outstanding on the commercial paper program). This facility may, among other potential uses, be used to fund property acquisitions, costs for certain properties under development and short-term liquidity requirements. Dividend Policy Beginning in 2018, the Company no longer determines its dividends/distributions as a fixed percentage of estimated Normalized FFO but instead adopted a more conventional policy based on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company’s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company’s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company’s Board of Trustees deems relevant. The Company declared a dividend/distribution for the first and second quarters of 2018 of $0.54 per share/unit in each quarter, an annualized increase of 7.2% over the amount paid in 2017. This policy change is supported by the Company’s strong growth in property operations since the recent economic downturn and a significant reduction in its development activity resulting in a material increase in available cash flow. All future dividends/distributions remain subject to the discretion of the Company’s Board of Trustees. The Company believes that its expected 2018 operating cash flow will be sufficient to cover capital expenditures and regular dividends/distributions. Total dividends/distributions paid in July 2018 amounted to $206.8 million (excluding distributions on Partially Owned Properties), which consisted of certain distributions declared during the second quarter ended June 30, 2018. Long-Term Financing and Capital Needs The Company expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements, such as lump sum unsecured note and mortgage debt maturities, property acquisitions, financing of construction and development activities through the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities, including additional OP Units, proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures and cash generated from operations after all distributions. In addition, the Company has significant unencumbered properties available to secure additional mortgage borrowings in the event that the public capital markets are unavailable or the cost of alternative sources of capital is too high. The fair value of and cash flow from these unencumbered properties are in excess of the requirements the Company must maintain in order to comply with covenants under its unsecured notes, line of credit and commercial paper program. Of the $26.2 billion in investment in real estate on the Company’s balance sheet at June 30, 2018, $21.0 billion or 80.4% was unencumbered . However , there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will be available to the Company in the future on acceptable terms or otherwise. EQR issues public equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of the Operating Partnership. EQR does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. 49 Table of Contents The Company’s total debt summary and debt maturity schedules as of June 30, 2018 are as follows: Debt Summary as of June 30, 2018 ($ in thousands) Debt Maturity Schedule as of June 30, 2018 ($ in thousands) 50 Table of Contents See Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of debt at June 30, 2018. ERPOP’s long-term senior debt ratings and short-term commercial paper ratings as well as EQR’s long-term preferred equity ratings, which all have a stable outlook, as of July 27, 2018 are as follows: See Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the events, if any, which occurred subsequent to June 30, 2018. Capitalization of Fixed Assets and Improvements to Real Estate The Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s capital expenditures policy has not changed from the information included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership ’ s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, our actual capital expenditures to real estate included the following (amounts in thousands except for apartment unit and per apartment unit amounts): Capital Expenditures to Real Estate For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 The Company estimates that during 2018 it will spend approximately $2,900 per same store apartment unit or $210.0 million of total capital expenditures to real estate. During 2018, the Company expects to spend approximately $43.0 million for apartment unit renovation expenditures on approximately 3,200 same store apartment units at an average cost of approximately $13,300 per apartment unit renovated. The anticipated total capital expenditures to real estate amounts represent approximately the same percentage of same store revenues, but an increase in the cost per unit and in the absolute dollar amounts over 2017. The Company plans to continue the elevated capital expenditures for investment in customer-facing building improvements (leasing offices, fitness centers, common areas, etc.) to enhance the quality of our properties and to protect our competitive position given the new luxury supply opening in many of our markets. We also expect to maintain our elevated spending on sustainability projects and renovation 51 Table of Contents expenditures during 2018. The above assumptions are based on current expectations and are forward-looking. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company’s total non-real estate capital additions, such as computer software, computer equipment, and furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements to the Company’s property management offices and its corporate offices, were approximately $2.1 million. The Company expects to fund approximately $3.9 million in total non-real estate capital additions for the remainder of 2018. These anticipated fundings represent an increase over 2017, which is primarily driven by anticipated hardware and software upgrades to various existing systems during 2018. The above assumption is based on current expectations and is forward-looking. Capital expenditures to real estate and non-real estate capital additions are generally funded from net cash provided by operating activities and from investment cash flow. Derivative Instruments In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company seeks to manage these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company may also use derivatives to manage commodity prices in the daily operations of the business. The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from these instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives it currently has in place. See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative instruments at June 30, 2018. Definitions The definition of certain terms described above or below are as follows: 52 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations The Company has various unconsolidated interests in certain joint ventures. The Company does not believe that these unconsolidated investments have a materially different impact on its liquidity, cash flows, capital resources, credit or market risk than its consolidated operating and/or other activities. See Note 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s investments in partially owned entities. See also Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion regarding the Company’s development projects. The Company’s contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter have not changed materially from the amounts and disclosures included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. See the updated debt maturity schedule included in Liquidity and Capital Resources for further discussion. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed from the information included in the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations The following is the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s reconciliation of net income to FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units and Normalized FFO available to Common Shares and Units / Units for the six months and quarters ended June 30, 2018 and 2017: Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations (Amounts in thousands) 53 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s market risk has not changed materially from the amounts and information reported in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , to the Company’s a nd the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivative and other fair value instruments. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Equity Residential Effective as of June 30, 2018, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. 54 Table of Contents There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Company identified in connection with the Company’s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the second quarter of 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ERP Operating Limited Partnership Effective as of June 30, 2018, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EQR, of the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in its Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Operating Partnership identified in connection with the Operating Partnership’s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the second quarter of 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting. 55 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings As of June 30, 2018, the Company does not believe there is any litigation pending or threatened against it that, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors that were discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (a) Unregistered Common Shares Issued in the Quarter Ended June 30, 2018 - Equity Residential During the quarter ended June 30, 2018, EQR issued 6,494 Common Shares in exchange for 6,494 OP Units held by various limited partners of ERPOP. OP Units are generally exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis or, at the option of ERPOP, the cash equivalent thereof, at any time one year after the date of issuance. These shares were either registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as these were transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. In light of the manner of the sale and information obtained by EQR from the limited partners in connection with these transactions, EQR believes it may rely on these exemptions. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits – See the Exhibit Index. 56 Table of Contents EXHIBI T INDEX The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report. References to exhibits or other filings under the caption “Location” indicate that the exhibit or other filing has been filed, that the indexed exhibit and the exhibit referred to are the same and that the exhibit referred to is incorporated by reference. The Commission file numbers for our Exchange Act filings referenced below are 1-12252 (Equity Residential) and 0-24920 (ERP Operating Limited Partnership). 57 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.