8-K 1 s000789x1_8k.htm FORM 8-K FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2015 (March 17, 2015) ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 001-13106 (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) 333-44467-01 (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) (Commission File Number) 925 East Meadow Drive, Palo Alto, California 94303 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (650) 494-3700 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Agreement On March 17, 2015, Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”), the operating partnership of Essex Property Trust, Inc. (the “Company”), issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.500% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “Notes”). The terms of the Notes are governed by an indenture, dated March 17, 2015 (the “Indenture”), among the Operating Partnership, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Indenture contains various restrictive covenants, including limitations on the Operating Partnership’s ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets and limitations on its ability to incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. A copy of the Indenture, including the form of the Notes and guarantee of the Notes by the Company, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this report. See Item 2.03 below for additional information. The net proceeds from the issuance of Notes will be approximately $495.2 million, after deducting the underwriters’ discounts and estimated offering expenses. The Operating Partnership intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness under the Operating Partnership’s $1 billion unsecured line of credit facility and the Operating Partnership’s $25 million unsecured working capital line of credit facility, and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. The lenders under the unsecured lines of credit facilities include affiliates of the underwriters participating in the offering and as such will receive a portion of the net proceeds. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. On March 17, 2015, the Operating Partnership issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of Notes. The Operating Partnership offered the Notes at 99.747% of the principal amount thereof. The Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and will rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured obligations of the Operating Partnership. However, the Notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of the Operating Partnership’s existing and future secured indebtedness (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness) and to all existing and future secured and unsecured liabilities and preferred equity of the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries, including guarantees by the Operating Partnership’s subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership’s other indebtedness. The Notes bear interest at 3.500% per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2015 until the maturity date of April 1, 2025. The Operating Partnership’s obligations under the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. A copy of the Indenture, including the form of the Notes and guarantee of the Notes by the Company, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this report. The Notes will be redeemable in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the Operating Partnership’s option and in its sole discretion, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Notes are redeemed on or after January 1, 2025, the redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. Certain events are considered events of default, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the Notes, including: Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: March 17, 2015