8-K 1 a8-k42817.htm 8-K (4.28.17) Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April 28, 2017 Invitation Homes Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 1717 Main Street, Suite 2000, Dallas, Texas 75201 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (972) 421-3600 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: (b) Information required by Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K regarding arrangements known to the registrant which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control. The information set forth under Item 8.01 below is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. On April 28, 2017, IH1 Holdco L.P., an affiliate of the investment funds associated with or designated by The Blackstone Group L.P. that are the current majority owners of Invitation Homes Inc. (the “Company”), informed the Company as follows: "IHI Holdco L.P. (the “Borrower”), a stockholder of the Company, has entered into (i) a Margin Loan Agreement dated as of April 28, 2017 (the “Loan Agreement”) with the lenders party thereto (each, a “Lender”) and the administrative agent party thereto and (ii) Pledge and Security Agreements of even date, in each case between one of the Lenders, as secured party (each, a “Secured Party” and, collectively, the “Secured Parties”) and Borrower, as pledgor (the “Borrower Pledge Agreements”), and IH2-A Holdco L.P., IH3 Holdco L.P., IH4 Holdco L.P., IH5 Holdco L.P., IH6 Holdco L.P. and IH PP Holdco L.P. (each, a “Guarantor” and collectively, the “Guarantors”) each entered into (a) with each Lender, a Pledge and Security Agreement (each, a “Guarantor Pledge Agreement” and, collectively with the Borrower Pledge Agreements, the “Pledge Agreements”) and (b) with the administrative agent and the Lenders, a full recourse Guarantee of even date of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement (each, a “Guarantee” and, collectively with the Loan Agreement and the Pledge Agreements, the “Loan Documents”). Each of the Borrower and the Guarantors is affiliated with The Blackstone Group L.P. As of April 28, 2017, the Borrower has borrowed an aggregate of $1 billion under the Loan Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Borrower may borrow up to an additional $500 million if the existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional advances. Pursuant to the Pledge Agreements, to secure borrowings under the Loan Agreement, the Borrower and the Guarantors have collectively pledged approximately 219.9 million shares (collectively, the “Pledged Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“Common Stock”). The Pledged Shares represented approximately 70.86% of the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock as of March 30, 2017. The Loan Agreement contains customary default provisions. In the event of a default under the Loan Agreement by the Borrower, the Secured Parties may foreclose upon any and all shares of Common Stock pledged to them and may seek recourse against the Borrower." The Company did not independently verify or participate in the preparation of the foregoing disclosure. In addition, the Company is not a party to the Loan Documents and has no obligations thereunder, but has delivered letter agreements to each of the Lenders in which it has, among other things, agreed, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules, not to take any actions that are intended to materially hinder or delay the exercise of any remedies by the Lenders under the Pledge Agreements. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 28, 2017