8-K 1 a8-k060319annualmeetingres.htm 8-K Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 30, 2019 Invitation Homes Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its charter) Maryland (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: On May 30, 2019, Invitation Homes Inc. (the “Company”) held its 2019 annual meeting of stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”). At the Annual Meeting, stockholders voted on the matters disclosed in the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2019 (the “Proxy Statement”). 495,534,653 shares of the Company’s common stock were represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting, which was equal to 94.38% of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting. The final voting results for the matters submitted to a vote of stockholders were as follows: Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors The persons listed below were elected as directors for a one-year term expiring at the Company’s 2020 annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. Proposal No. 2 - Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Company’s stockholders ratified the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2019. Proposal No. 3 - Non-Binding Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Company’s stockholders approved, in a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation paid to the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement. Proposal No. 4 - Non-Binding Vote to Determine Frequency of Stockholder Votes to Approve Executive Compensation The Company’s stockholders approved, in a non-binding advisory vote, that the non-binding vote to approve executive compensation should occur every year: In light of this vote, and consistent with recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors, the Company intends to have a non-binding advisory vote to approve executive compensation every year until the next required vote on the frequency of stockholder votes on executive compensation. The Company is required to hold a vote on frequency every six years. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.