8-K 2019-08-22 false 0001687229 0001687229 2019-08-22 2019-08-22 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report - August 22, 2019 (Date of earliest event reported) INVITATION HOMES INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 1717 Main Street , Suite 2000 Dallas TX 75201 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (972) 421-3600 (Registrant’s phone number, including area code) N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2): Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On August 22, 2019, Invitation Homes Inc. (the “Company”) and Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP (the “Operating Partnership”) entered into fifteen separate Distribution Agreements (each, a “Distribution Agreement” and collectively, the “Distribution Agreements”) with each of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, B. Riley FBR, Inc., BTIG, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Evercore Group L.L.C. and JMP Securities LLC (each, an “Agent” and collectively, the “Agents”), pursuant to which the Company may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $800.0 million of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), through the Agents. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. Sales of the Common Stock made pursuant to the Distribution Agreements, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, in block transactions or by any other method permitted by law, at prices related to the prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices, or as otherwise agreed between the applicable Agent and the Company. Each Agent will be entitled to compensation in an amount not to exceed 2.00% of the gross sales price per share for any Common Stock sold through it. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from sales of Common Stock pursuant to the Distribution Agreements for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, working capital, repayment of indebtedness, acquisitions and renovations of single-family properties and for related activities in accordance with its business strategy. The Distribution Agreements contain customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Operating Partnership, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The form of the Distribution Agreements is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the descriptions of the material terms of the Distribution Agreements in this Item 8.01 are qualified in their entirety by reference to such Exhibit, which is incorporated herein by reference. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. Exhibit Index SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.