8-K 1 a8-k111218newdirectorannou.htm 8-K Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 12, 2018 Invitation Homes Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 1717 Main Street, Suite 2000, Dallas, Texas 75201 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (972) 421-3600 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: (d) On November 12, 2018, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Invitation Homes Inc. (the “Company”) appointed Ms. Jana Cohen Barbe as a director of the Board, with a term expiring at the Company’s 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. There is no agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which Ms. Barbe was selected as a director, and she is not a party to any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. In connection with Ms. Barbe’s appointment, and pursuant to the Company’s compensation policy for non-management directors, Ms. Barbe will be granted a one-time award of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) with a value of $70,000, which will generally vest in full on the date of the Company’s 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. Ms. Barbe will also receive the Company’s standard non-management director compensation arrangement, as described in the Company’s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. The Company will enter into an Indemnification Agreement with Ms. Barbe in substantially the same form that the Company has entered into with its other directors and executive officers. Ms. Barbe is a senior partner and the former Global Vice Chairman of Dentons, the world’s largest law firm. Ms. Barbe joined Dentons' predecessor firm, Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal, in 1995 and became the first woman appointed to Dentons’ global board in 2010. Ms. Barbe also leads the Tax-Oriented Investments Practice, which she founded and where she advises many of the nation's leading financial institutions and insurance companies in connection with affordable housing and community development investments. Previously, she chaired the firm's Real Estate Practice and Financial Institutions Sector. Ms. Barbe is the president emerita of Thresholds and is an impassioned advocate for women in law and business. Ms. Barbe holds a bachelor’s degree in Art History from Northwestern University and a Juris Doctorate from The University of Chicago Law School. The size of the Board was increased from ten to eleven directors upon the appointment of Ms. Barbe. On November 13, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing Ms. Barbe’s appointment to the Board. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: November 13, 2018