10-Q 1 kim20180331_10q.htm FORM 10-Q kim20180331_10q.htm Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D . C . 20549 Form 10-Q For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 1-10899 Kimco Realty Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 3333 New Hyde Park Road, New Hyde Park, NY 11042 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (516) 869-9000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer, “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12-b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12-b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ As of April 16, 2018, the registrant had 424,897,242 shares of common stock outstanding. Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (in thousands, except share information) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 (Unaudited) (in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business and Organization Kimco Realty Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company"), affiliates and related real estate joint ventures are engaged principally in the ownership, management, development and operation of open-air shopping centers, which are anchored generally by grocery stores, discount department stores, or drugstores. Additionally, the Company provides complementary services that capitalize on the Company’s established retail real estate expertise. The Company elected status as a Real Estate Investment Trust (a “REIT”) for federal income tax purposes beginning in its taxable year ended December 31, 1991 and operates in a manner that enables the Company to maintain its status as a REIT. As a REIT, with respect to each taxable year, the Company must distribute at least 90 percent of its taxable income (excluding capital gain) and does not pay federal income taxes on the amount distributed to its shareholders. The Company is not generally subject to federal income taxes if it distributes 100 percent of its taxable income. Most states, where the Company holds investments in real estate, conform to the federal rules recognizing REITs. Certain subsidiaries have made a joint election with the Company to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”), which permit the Company to engage in certain business activities which the REIT may not conduct directly. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes on its income, and the Company includes, when applicable, a provision for taxes in its condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to and also includes in its tax provision non-U.S. income taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. These investments are held by the Company at the REIT level and not in the Company’s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Company does not expect a U.S. income tax impact associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from the Company’s foreign subsidiaries. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation - The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company. The Company’s subsidiaries include subsidiaries which are wholly-owned or which the Company has a controlling interest, including where the Company has been determined to be a primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (“VIE”) in accordance with the Consolidation guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The information presented in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements is unaudited and reflects all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to reflect a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented, and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2017 ( the “10 -K”), as certain disclosures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 -Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018, that would duplicate those included in the 10 -K are not included in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Reclassifications - Certain amounts in the prior period have been reclassified in order to conform with the current period’s presentation. The Company reclassified $8.3 million of costs related to property management and services of the Company’s operating properties from General and administrative to Operating and maintenance on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months end March 31, 2017. In addition, in conjunction with the adoption of Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2014 - 09 discussed below, the Company reclassified $58.1 million of Reimbursement income and $3.6 million of Other rental property income from Revenues from rental properties on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2017. Subsequent Events - The Company has evaluated subsequent events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure in its condensed consolidated financial statements. Marketable Securities - The Company classifies its marketable equity securities as available-for-sale in accordance with the FASB’s Investments-Debt and Equity Securities guidance. On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2016 - 01, Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825 - 10 ): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016 - 01” ). In accordance with the adoption of ASU 2016 - 01, the Company now recognizes changes in the fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values in net income. Previously, changes in fair value of the Company’s available-for-sale marketable securities were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had aggregate unrealized losses related to its available-for-sale marketable securities of $1.1 million, which were included in AOCI on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In connection with the adoption of ASU 2016 - 01, the Company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment of $1.1 million to its beginning retained earnings as of January 1, 2018, which is reflected in Cumulative distributions in excess of net income on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. 8 Table of Contents Revenue and Gain Recognition – On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2014 - 09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606 ), (“Topic 606” ) using the modified retrospective method applying it to any open contracts as of January 1, 2018, for which the Company did not identify any open contracts. The Company also utilized the practical expedient for which the Company was not required to restate revenue from contracts that began and are completed within the same annual reporting period. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018, are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under Revenue Recognition (Topic 605 ). The new guidance provides a unified model to determine how revenue is recognized. To determine the proper amount of revenue to be recognized, the Company performs the following steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations within the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. As of March 31, 2018, the Company has no outstanding contract assets or contract liabilities. The adoption of this standard did not result in any material changes to the Company’s revenue recognition as compared to the previous guidance. The Company’s primary source of revenue are leases which fall under the scope of Leases (Topic 840 ). The revenues which will be impacted by the adoption of Topic 606 include fees for services performed at various unconsolidated joint ventures for which the Company is the manager. These fees primarily include property and asset management fees, leasing fees, development fees and property acquisition/disposition fees. Also affected by Topic 606 are gains on sales of properties, lease termination fees and tax increment financing (“TIF”) contracts. The Company elected to disaggregate its revenue streams into the following line items on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income: Revenues from rental properties, Reimbursement income, Other rental property income and Management and other fee income. The Company believes that these are the proper disaggregated categories as they are the best depiction of its revenue streams both qualitatively and quantitatively. Revenues from rental properties Revenues from rental properties are comprised of minimum base rent, percentage rent, lease termination fee income, amortization of above-market and below-market rent adjustments and straight-line rent adjustments. Base rental revenues from rental properties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. Certain of these leases also provide for percentage rents based upon the level of sales achieved by the lessee. These percentage rents are recognized once the required sales level is achieved. Rental income may also include payments received in connection with lease termination agreements. Lease termination fee income is recognized when the lessee provides consideration in order to terminate a lease agreement in place. The performance obligation of the Company is the termination of the lease agreement which occurs upon consideration received and execution of the termination agreement. Upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, the Company estimates the fair value of identified intangible assets and liabilities (including above-market and below-market leases, where applicable). The capitalized above-market or below-market intangible is amortized to rental income over the estimated remaining term of the respective leases, which includes the expected renewal option period for below-market leases. Reimbursement income Leases typically provide for reimbursement to the Company of common area maintenance costs (“CAM”), real estate taxes and other operating expenses. Operating expense reimbursements are recognized as earned. The lease component relating to CAM reimbursement revenue will be within the scope of Topic 606, upon the effective date of ASU 2016 - 02, Leases (Topic 842 ). See New Accounting Pronouncements below for further details. Other rental property income Other rental property income mainly consists of ancillary income and TIF income which totaled $5.6 million and $3.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Ancillary income is derived through various agreements relating to parking lots, clothing bins, temporary storage, vending machines, ATMs, trash bins and trash collections, fireworks sales, etc. The majority of the revenue derived from these sources are through lease agreements/arrangements and are recognized in accordance with the lease terms described in the lease. The Company has TIF agreements with certain municipalities and receives payments in accordance with the agreement. TIF reimbursement income is recognized on a cash-basis when received. 9 Table of Contents Management and other fee income Property management fees, property acquisition and disposition fees, construction management fees, leasing fees and asset management fees all fall within the scope of Topic 606. These fees arise from contractual agreements with third parties or with entities in which the Company has a noncontrolling interest. Management and other fee income related to partially owned entities are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated interest. Property and asset management fee income is recognized as a single performance obligation (managing the property) comprised of a series of distinct services (maintaining property, handling issues with tenants, etc.). The Company believes that the overall service of property management is substantially the same each day and has the same pattern of performance over the term of the agreement. As a result, each day of service represents a performance obligation satisfied at that point in time. These fees are recognized at the end of each period for services performed during that period, primarily billed to the customer monthly and terms for payment are payment due upon receipt. Leasing fee income is recognized as a single performance obligation primarily upon the rent commencement date. The Company believes the leasing services it provides are similar for each available space leased and none of the individual activities necessary to facilitate the execution of each lease are distinct. These fees are billed to the customer monthly and terms for payment are payment due upon receipt. Property acquisition and disposition fees are recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by acquiring a property or transferring control of a property. These fees are billed subsequent to the acquisition or sale of the property and payment is due upon receipt. Construction management fees are recognized as a single performance obligation (managing the construction of the project) composed of a series of distinct services. The Company believes that the overall service of construction management is substantially the same each day and has the same pattern of performance over the term of the agreement. As a result, each day of service represents a performance obligation satisfied at that point in time. These fees are based on the amount spent on the construction at the end of each period for services performed during that period, primarily billed to the customer monthly and terms for payment are payment due upon receipt. Gains on sales of operating properties /change in control of interests On January 1, 2018, the Company also adopted ASU 2017 - 05, Other Income–Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610 - 20 ): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets (“Topic 610” ) for gains and losses from the sale and/or transfer of real estate property. The Company adopted Topic 610 using the modified retrospective approach for all contracts effective January 1, 2018. Topic 610 provides that sales of nonfinancial assets, such as real estate, are to be recognized when control of the asset transfers to the buyer, which will occur when the buyer has the ability to direct the use of or obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset. This generally occurs when the transaction closes and consideration is exchanged for control of the property. In accordance with its election to apply the modified retrospective approach for all contracts, the Company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment of $8.1 million to its beginning retained earnings as of January 1, 2018, on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and an adjustment to Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had aggregate net deferred gains of $8.1 million relating to partial disposals of two operating real estate properties prior to the adoption of ASU 2017 - 05, of which $6.9 million was included in Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and $1.2 million was included in Other liabilities on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had deferred these gains in accordance with prior guidance due to its continuing involvement in the entities which acquired the operating real estate properties. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company sold a portion of its investment in a consolidated operating property to its partner and amended the partnership agreement to provide for joint control of the entity. As a result of the amendment, the Company no longer consolidates the entity and recognized a gain on change in control of $6.8 million, in accordance with the adoption of ASU 2017 - 05 (See Footnote 3 to the Notes to the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding disposals), which is included in Gain on sale of operating properties/ change in controls of interests on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. New Accounting Pronouncements – The following table represents ASUs to the FASB’s ASC that, as of March 31, 2018, are not yet effective for the Company and for which the Company has not elected early adoption, where permitted: 10 Table of Contents The following ASUs to the FASB’s ASC have been adopted by the Company during the quarter ended March 31, 2018: 11 Table of Contents 12 Table of Contents 3. Operating Property Activities Acquisitions and Dispositions – During January 2018, the Company acquired a land parcel adjacent to an existing shopping center located in Ardmore, PA for a purchase price of $3.4 million. The table below summarizes the Company’s disposition activity relating to consolidated operating properties and parcels, in separate transactions (dollars in millions): In addition, during March 2018, the Company sold a portion of its investment in a consolidated operating property to its partner based on a gross fair value of $320.0 million, including $206.0 million of non-recourse mortgage debt, and amended the partnership agreement to provide for joint control of the entity. As a result of the amendment, the Company no longer consolidates the entity and as such, reduced noncontrolling interests by $43.8 million and recognized a gain on change in control of $6.8 million (which is recorded in Gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income), in accordance with the adoption of ASU 2017 - 05 effective as of January 1, 2018 ( See Footnote 2 to the Notes to the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion). The Company now has an investment in this unconsolidated property of $62.4 million, included in Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company’s share of this investment is subject to change and is based upon a cash flow waterfall provision within the partnership agreement ( 54.8% as of the date of deconsolidation). During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company disposed of four land parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $2.9 million, which resulted in an aggregate gain of $0.5 million, included in Other income, net on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 13 Table of Contents Impairments – During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company recognized aggregate impairment charges of $7.6 million. These impairment charges consist of (i) $5.2 million related to adjustments to property carrying values for properties which the Company has marketed for sale as part of its active capital recycling program and as such has adjusted the anticipated hold periods for such properties and (ii) $2.4 million related to the sale of certain operating properties, as discussed above. The Company’s estimated fair values of these properties were primarily based upon estimated sales prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers. See Footnote 12 to the Notes to the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for fair value disclosure. 4. Real Estate Under Development The Company is engaged in various real estate development projects for long-term investment. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had in progress a total of four active real estate development projects and two additional projects held for future development. The costs incurred to date for these real estate development projects are as follows (in thousands): During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company capitalized (i) interest of $3.0 million, (ii) real estate taxes, insurance and legal costs of $0.7 million and (iii) payroll of $0.4 million, in connection with these real estate development projects. 5. Investments in and Advances to Real Estate Joint Ventures The Company and its subsidiaries have investments in and advances to various real estate joint ventures. These joint ventures are engaged primarily in the operation of shopping centers which are either owned or held under long-term operating leases. The Company and the joint venture partners have joint approval rights for major decisions, including those regarding property operations. As such, the Company holds noncontrolling interests in these joint ventures and accounts for them under the equity method of accounting. The table below presents joint venture investments for which the Company held an ownership interest at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 ( in millions, except number of properties): * Representing 118 property interests and 24.1 million square feet of GLA, as of March 31, 2018, and 118 property interests and 23.5 million square feet of GLA, as of December 31, 2017. 14 Table of Contents The table below presents the Company’s share of net income for the above investments which is included in Equity in income of joint ventures, net on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 (in millions): During the three months ended March 31, 2018, certain of the Company’s real estate joint ventures disposed of two operating properties, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $17.1 million. These transactions resulted in an aggregate gain to the Company of $2.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, certain of the Company’s real estate joint ventures disposed of five operating properties, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $47.7 million. These transactions resulted in an aggregate net gain to the Company of $0.9 million, before income taxes, for the three months ended March 31, 2017. In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company acquired a controlling interest in two operating properties from certain joint ventures, in separate transactions, for a gross purchase price of $15.4 million. The table below presents debt balances within the Company’s unconsolidated joint venture investments for which the Company held noncontrolling ownership interests at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 ( dollars in millions): * Includes extension options 6. Other Real Estate Investments Preferred Equity Capital - The Company previously provided capital to owners and developers of real estate properties through its Preferred Equity Program. The Company’s maximum exposure to losses associated with its preferred equity investments is primarily limited to its net investment. As of March 31, 2018, the Company’s net investment under the Preferred Equity Program was $188.2 million relating to 319 properties, including 306 net leased properties. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company recognized income of $10.0 million from its preferred equity investments, including $4.7 million in profit participation earned from two capital transactions. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company earned $3.8 million from its preferred equity investments. These amounts are included in Equity in income of other real estate investments, net on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 7. Variable Interest Entities ( “ VIE”) Included within the Company’s consolidated operating properties at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, are 22 and 24 consolidated entities that are VIEs, respectively, for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These entities have been established to own and operate real estate property. The Company’s involvement with these entities is through its majority ownership and management of the properties. The entities were deemed VIEs primarily because the unrelated investors do not have substantive kick-out rights to remove the general or managing partner by a vote of a simple majority or less and they do not have substantive participating rights. The Company determined that it was the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as a result of its controlling financial interest. At March 31, 2018, total assets of these VIEs were $889.6 million and total liabilities were $71.7 million. At December 31, 2017, total assets of these VIEs were $1.2 billion and total liabilities were $383.5 million. 15 Table of Contents The majority of the operations of these VIEs are funded with cash flows generated from the properties. The Company has not provided financial support to any of these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide, which consists primarily of funding any capital expenditures, including tenant improvements, which are deemed necessary to continue to operate the entity and any operating cash shortfalls that the entity may experience. Additionally, included within the Company’s real estate development projects at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, are two and three consolidated entities that are VIEs, respectively, for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These entities have been established to develop real estate properties to hold as long-term investments. The Company’s involvement with these entities is through its majority ownership and management of the properties. These entities were deemed VIEs primarily based on the fact that the equity investments at risk are not sufficient to permit the entities to finance their activities without additional financial support. The initial equity contributed to these entities was not sufficient to fully finance the real estate construction as development costs are funded by the partners throughout the construction period. The Company determined that it was the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as a result of its controlling financial interest. At March 31, 2018, total assets of these real estate development VIEs were $296.2 million and total liabilities were $42.9 million. At December 31, 2017, total assets of these real estate development VIEs were $307.9 million and total liabilities were $34.2 million. Substantially all the projected development costs to be funded for these two real estate development projects, aggregating $106.0 million, will be funded with capital contributions from the Company, when contractually obligated. The Company has not provided financial support to these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide. All liabilities of these consolidated VIEs are non-recourse to the Company (“VIE Liabilities”). The assets of the unencumbered VIEs are not restricted for use to settle only the obligations of these VIEs. The remaining VIE assets are encumbered by third party non-recourse mortgage debt. The assets associated with these encumbered VIEs (“Restricted Assets”) are collateral under the respective mortgages and are therefore restricted and can only be used to settle the corresponding liabilities of the VIE. The table below summarizes the consolidated VIEs and the classification of the Restricted Assets and VIE Liabilities on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows (dollars in millions): 8. Mortgages and Other Financing Receivables The Company has various mortgages and other financing receivables which consist of loans acquired and loans originated by the Company. The Company reviews payment status to identify performing versus non-performing loans. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had a total of 11 loans aggregating $21.4 million, of which all were identified as performing loans. 9. Marketable Securities Effective January 1, 2018, in accordance with the adoption of ASU 2016 - 01, the Company now recognizes changes in the fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values in net income. In addition, the Company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment of $1.1 million to its beginning retained earnings as of January 1, 2018, which is reflected in Cumulative distributions in excess of net income on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, to reclassify unrealized losses previously reported in AOCI for available-for-sale marketable securities. Also, during the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company recognized a net loss on changes in fair value of its available-for-sale marketable securities of $1.5 million in Other income, net on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 16 Table of Contents 10. Mortgages Payable During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company (i) deconsolidated $206.0 million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt relating to an operating property for which the Company no longer has a controlling interest in and (ii) repaid $161.9 million of maturing mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustments of $0.4 million) that encumbered two operating properties. Additionally, during the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company disposed of an encumbered property through foreclosure. The transaction resulted in a net decrease in mortgage debt of $12.4 . In addition, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of $4.3 million and relief of accrued interest of $3.4 million, both of which are included in Other income, net in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 11. Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests represent the portion of equity that the Company does not own in entities it consolidates as a result of having a controlling interest or determined that the Company was the primary beneficiary of a VIE in accordance with the provisions of the FASB’s Consolidation guidance. The Company accounts and reports for noncontrolling interests in accordance with the Consolidation guidance and the Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity guidance issued by the FASB. The Company identifies its noncontrolling interests separately within the equity section on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts of consolidated net income attributable to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests are presented separately on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, there were various transactions that had an impact on noncontrolling interest. See Footnotes 3 and 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding specific transactions. In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company acquired its partners’ interest in three consolidated entities, in two separate transactions, for an aggregate purchase price of $3.4 million. These transactions resulted in a net decrease in Noncontrolling interest of $4.6 million and a corresponding net increase in Paid-in capital of $1.2 million on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. There are no remaining partners in two of these consolidated entities. Included within noncontrolling interests are units that were determined to be contingently redeemable that are classified as Redeemable noncontrolling interests and presented in the mezzanine section between Total liabilities and Stockholder’s equity on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 12. Fair Value Measurements All financial instruments of the Company are reflected in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at amounts which, in management’s estimation, based upon an interpretation of available market information and valuation methodologies, reasonably approximate their fair values except those listed below, for which fair values are disclosed. The valuation method used to estimate fair value for fixed-rate and variable-rate debt is based on discounted cash flow analyses, with assumptions that include credit spreads, market yield curves, trading activity, loan amounts and debt maturities. The fair values for marketable securities are based on published values, securities dealers’ estimated market values or comparable market sales. Such fair value estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would be realized upon disposition. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the FASB’s Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). The following are financial instruments for which the Company’s estimate of fair value differs from the carrying amounts (in thousands): 17 Table of Contents The Company has certain financial instruments that must be measured under the FASB’s Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures guidance, including available for sale securities. The Company currently does not have non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The tables below present the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall (in thousands): Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017, are as follows (in thousands): During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company recognized impairment charges related to adjustments to property carrying values of $7.6 million and $1.6 million, respectively. The Company’s estimated fair values of these properties were primarily based upon estimated sales prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers for which the Company does not have access to the unobservable inputs used to determine these estimated fair values. Based on these inputs, the Company determined that its valuation of these investments was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. (See Footnote 3 to the Notes to the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding impairment charges). 13. Preferred Stock and Common Stock The Company’s outstanding Preferred Stock is detailed below: 18 Table of Contents During February 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to $300.0 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company repurchased 1,600,000 shares for aggregate purchase price of $24.3 million. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had $275.7 million available under this common share repurchase program. 14. Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing / Financing Activities The following schedule summarizes the non-cash investing and financing activities of the Company for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): 15. Incentive Plans The Company accounts for equity awards in accordance with FASB’s Compensation – Stock Compensation guidance which requires that all share based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, restricted stock and performance shares, be recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income over the service period based on their fair values. Fair value is determined, depending on the type of award, using either the Black-Scholes option pricing formula or the Monte Carlo method for performance shares, both of which are intended to estimate the fair value of the awards at the grant date. Fair value of restricted shares is calculated based on the price on the date of grant. The Company recognized expenses associated with its equity awards of $5.2 million and $9.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had $42.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock compensation granted under the Plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 3.3 years. 16. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income In accordance with the adoption of ASU 2016 - 01, the Company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment of $1.1 million to beginning retained earnings as of January 1, 2018, which is reflected in Cumulative distributions in excess of net income on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, to reclassify unrealized losses previously reported in AOCI for available-for-sale marketable securities (See Footnotes 2 and 9 to the Notes to the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure). The following tables display the change in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): 19 Table of Contents 17. Earnings Per Shar e The following table sets forth the reconciliation of earnings and the weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share (amounts presented in thousands except per share data): The Company's unvested restricted share awards contain non-forfeitable rights to distributions or distribution equivalents. The impact of the unvested restricted share awards on earnings per share has been calculated using the two -class method whereby earnings are allocated to the unvested restricted share awards based on dividends declared and the unvested restricted shares' participation rights in undistributed earnings. 20 Table of Contents Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by Kimco Realty Corporation (the “Company”) contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with the safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe the Company’s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “will,” “target,” “forecast” or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Company’s control and could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to (i) general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the Company, (iv) the Company’s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (v) changes in governmental laws and regulations and management’s ability to estimate the impact of such changes, (vi) the level and volatility of interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and managements’ ability to estimate the impact thereof, (vii) risks related to the Company’s international operations, (viii) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development and redevelopment opportunities, and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with our expectations, (ix) valuation and risks related to the Company’s joint venture and preferred equity investments, (x) valuation of marketable securities and other investments, (xi) increases in operating costs, (xii) changes in the dividend policy for the Company’s common and preferred stock and the Company’s ability to pay dividends at current levels, (xiii) the reduction in the Company’s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (xiv) impairment charges, (xv) unanticipated changes in the Company’s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or hold certain securities until maturity and (xvi) the risks and uncertainties identified under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2017. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company’s expectations will be realized. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to refer to any further disclosures the Company makes or related subjects in the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. These unaudited financial statements include all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to reflect a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented, and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. Executive Overview Kimco Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation, is one of North America’s largest publicly traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers. The terms “Kimco,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” each refer to Kimco Realty Corporation and our subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. The Company’s mission is to create destinations for everyday living that inspire a sense of community and deliver value to our many stakeholders. The Company is a self-administered real estate investment trust (“REIT”) and has owned and operated open-air shopping centers for 60 years. The Company has not engaged, nor does it expect to retain, any REIT advisors in connection with the operation of its properties. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had interests in 475 shopping center properties (the “Combined Shopping Center Portfolio”), aggregating 80.7 million square feet of gross leasable area (“GLA”), located in 29 states and Puerto Rico. In addition, the Company had 331 other property interests, primarily through the Company’s preferred equity investments and other real estate investments, totaling 5.5 million square feet of GLA. The Company’s ownership interests in real estate consist of its consolidated portfolio and portfolios where the Company owns an economic interest, such as properties in the Company’s investment real estate management programs, where the Company partners with institutional investors and also retains management. The Company’s operating strategies are to (i) own and operate its shopping center properties at their highest potential through maximizing and maintaining rental income and occupancy levels, (ii) attract local area customers to its shopping centers, which offer day-to-day necessities rather than high-priced luxury items, and (iii) maintain a strong balance sheet. The Company’s investment strategy is to invest capital into high quality assets which are concentrated in major metro markets that provide opportunity for growth while disposing of lesser quality assets in more undesirable locations. Through this strategy, the Company has steadily progressed in its transformation of its portfolio and will continue these efforts as deemed necessary to maximize the quality and growth of its portfolio. The properties acquired are primarily located in major metro areas allowing tenants to generate higher foot traffic resulting in higher sales volume. The Company believes that this will enable it to maintain higher occupancy levels, rental rates and rental growth. 21 Table of Contents The Company’s investment strategy also includes the retail re-tenanting, renovation and expansion of its existing centers and acquired centers. The Company may selectively acquire established income-producing real estate properties and properties requiring significant re-tenanting and redevelopment, primarily in geographic regions in which the Company presently operates. Additionally, the Company may selectively acquire land parcels in its key markets for real estate development projects for long-term investment. The Company may consider investments in other real estate sectors and in geographic markets where it does not presently operate should suitable opportunities arise. The Company also continues to simplify its business by reducing the number of joint venture investments and pursuing redevelopment opportunities to increase overall value within its portfolio. As part of the Company’s investment strategy each property is evaluated for its highest and best use, which may include residential and mixed-use components. In addition, the Company may consider other opportunistic investments related to retailer controlled real estate such as, repositioning underperforming retail locations, retail real estate financing and bankruptcy transaction support. The Company has an active capital recycling program which provides for the disposition of certain properties. If the Company accepts sales prices for any of these assets that are less than their net carrying values, the Company would be required to take impairment charges and such amounts could be material. Results of Operations Comparison of the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 The following table presents the comparative results from the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 (in thousands, except per share data): The following describes the activity of certain line items from the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, which it believes represent items that significantly changed during the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017: Revenue from rental properties - The increase in Revenues from rental properties of $2.7 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) the acquisition and consolidation of operating properties during 2017, providing incremental revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2018, of $10.1 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, partially offset by (ii) a decrease in revenues of $7.4 million from properties sold during 2018 and 2017. 22 Table of Contents Re imbursement income - The increase in Reimbursement income of $5.6 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) increased occupancy rates, nature and timing of spending and net growth in recovery rates for the current portfolio, providing incremental revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2018, of $4.2 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, and (ii) the acquisition and consolidation of operating properties during 2017, providing incremental revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2018, of $2.9 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in revenues of $1.5 million from properties sold during 2018 and 2017. Impairment charges - During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company recognized impairment charges related to adjustments to property carrying values of $7.6 million and $1.6 million, respectively, for which the Company’s estimated fair values were primarily based upon signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers. These adjustments to property carrying values were recognized in connection with the Company’s efforts to market certain properties and management’s assessment as to the likelihood and timing of such potential transactions. Certain of the calculations to determine fair value utilized unobservable inputs and as such are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Depreciation and amortization - The decrease in Depreciation and amortization of $10.7 million is primarily due to (i) a decrease of $10.1 million related to the acceleration of depreciable lives of assets within the Company’s redevelopment projects during the three months ended March 31, 2018 as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 and (ii) a decrease of $4.5 million resulting from property dispositions and tenant vacates in 2018 and 2017, partially offset by (iii) an increase of $3.9 million related to the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017. Other income, net - The increase in Other income, net of $4.9 million is primarily due to (i) the recognition of gain on forgiveness of debt of $4.3 million and relief of accrued interest of $3.4 million resulting from the foreclosure of an encumbered property during 2018, partially offset by (ii) a decrease of $1.5 million due to a net loss on available-for-sale marketable securities during the three months ended March 31, 2018, and (iii) a decrease of $0.8 million due to foreign currency losses during the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. Interest expense - The increase in Interest expense of $3.5 million is primarily the result of higher levels of borrowings during the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, primarily related to the acquisition/consolidation of two encumbered operating properties during 2017. Gain on change in control of interests - During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company acquired, in separate transactions, a controlling interest in two operating properties from certain joint venture partners in which the Company had noncontrolling interests. As a result of these transactions, the Company recorded an aggregate gain on change in control of interests of $10.2 million related to the fair value adjustment associated with its previously held equity interest in these operating properties. Equity in income of other real estate investments, net - The increase in Equity in income of other real estate investments, net of $6.3 million is primarily due to an increase in profit participation from capital transactions related to Company’s Preferred Equity Program during 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. Gain on sale of operating properties /change in control of interests - During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company disposed of 19 operating properties and one out-parcel, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $202.5 million. These transactions resulted in (i) an aggregate gain of $50.2 million and (ii) aggregate impairment charges of $2.4 million. In addition, during March 2018, the Company sold a portion of its investment in a consolidated operating property to its partner and amended the partnership agreement to provide for joint control of the entity. As a result of the amendment, the Company no longer consolidates the entity and as such, recognized a gain on change in control of $6.8 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company disposed of four consolidated operating properties and two out-parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $57.8 million. These transactions resulted in (i) an aggregate gain of $1.7 million and (ii) aggregate impairment charges of $1.2 million. Preferred dividends – The increase in Preferred dividends of $3.0 million is primarily due to the issuances of Class L Preferred Stock and Class M Preferred Stock, partially offset by the partial redemption of Class I Preferred Stock for the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. Net income available to the C ompany’s common shareholders and D iluted earnings per share - Net income available to the Company’s common shareholders was $129.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to $65.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017. On a diluted per share basis, net income available to the Company for the three months ended March 31, 2018, was $0.30 as compared to $0.15 for the three months ended March 31, 2017. These changes are primarily attributable to (i) incremental earnings due to the acquisition of operating properties during 2017, as well as increased profitability from the Company’s operating properties, (ii) an increase in gains on sale of operating properties, including gain on change in control related to one property, (iii) a decrease in depreciation and amortization, (iv) an increase in equity in income of other real estate investments, net, and (v) an increase in other income, net, partially offset by (vi) a decrease from gain on change in control of interests, (vii) an increase in impairment charges of operating properties, (viii) an increase in interest expense and (ix) an increase in preferred dividends. 23 Table of Contents Tenant Concentration The Company seeks to reduce its operating and leasing risks through diversification achieved by the geographic distribution of its properties and a large tenant base. At March 31, 2018, the Company’s five largest tenants were TJX Companies, Home Depot, Ahold Delhaize USA, Bed Bath & Beyond and Ross Stores, which represented 3.8%, 2.6%, 2.2%, 1.8% and 1.8%, respectively, of the Company’s annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100% economic interest. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company’s capital resources include accessing the public debt and equity capital markets, mortgage and construction loan financing, and immediate access to an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with bank commitments of $2.25 billion which can be increased to $2.75 billion through an accordion feature. The Company’s cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in millions): Operating Activities The Company anticipates that cash on hand, cash flows from operations, borrowings under its Credit Facility, and the issuance of equity and public debt, as well as other debt and equity alternatives, will provide the necessary capital required by the Company. Cash flows provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2018, was $192.3 million, as compared to $157.1 million for the comparable period in 2017. The increase of $35.2 million is primarily attributable to: During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company capitalized personnel costs of $2.9 million and $3.0 million, respectively, relating to deferred leasing costs. Investing Activities Cash flows provided by investing activities was $79.4 million for 2018, as compared to cash flows used for investing activities of $65.4 million for 2017. Investing activities during 2018 consisted primarily of: Cash inflows: Cash outflows: Investing activities during 2017 consisted primarily of: Cash inflows: 24 Table of Contents Cash outflows: Acquisitions of Operating Real Estate and Other Related Net Assets - During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company expended $3.3 million and $38.4 million, respectively, towards the acquisition of operating real estate properties and parcels adjacent to operating real estate properties. The Company continues to transform the quality of its portfolio by disposing of lesser quality assets and acquiring larger, higher quality properties in key markets identified by the Company. The Company anticipates spending up to $50.0 million towards the acquisition of operating properties during 2018, if suitable opportunities arise. The Company intends to fund these acquisitions with proceeds from property dispositions. Improvements to Operating Real Estate- During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company expended $40.4 million and $30.1 million, respectively, towards improvements to operating real estate. These amounts consist of the following (in thousands): The Company has an ongoing program to redevelop and re-tenant its properties to maintain or enhance its competitive position in the marketplace. The Company is actively pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its operating portfolio which it believes will increase the overall value by bringing in new tenants and improving the assets’ value. The Company has identified three categories of redevelopment, (i) large scale redevelopment, which involves demolishing and building new square footage, (ii) value creation redevelopment, which includes the subdivision of large anchor spaces into multiple tenant layouts, and (iii) creation of out-parcels and pads located in the front of the shopping center properties. The Company anticipates its capital commitment toward these redevelopment projects and re-tenanting efforts during 2018 will be approximately $225.0 million to $300.0 million. The funding of these capital requirements will be provided by proceeds from property dispositions, cash flow from operating activities, construction financing, where applicable, and availability under the Company’s Credit Facility. Real Estate Under Development - The Company is engaged in select real estate development projects, which are expected to be held as long-term investments. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had in progress a total of four active real estate development projects and two additional projects held for future development. During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company expended $54.9 million and $44.4 million, respectively, towards improvements to real estate under development. The Company capitalized (i) interest of $3.0 million and $2.4 million, (ii) real estate taxes, insurance and legal costs of $0.7 million and $0.8 million and (iii) payroll of $0.4 million and $1.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, in connection with these real estate development projects. The Company anticipates the total remaining costs to complete these four active projects to be approximately $175.0 million to $250.0 million. The Company anticipates its capital commitment toward these development projects during 2018 will be approximately $150.0 million to $225.0 million. The funding of these capital requirements will be provided by proceeds from property dispositions, cash flow from operating activities and availability under the Company’s Credit Facility. 25 Table of Contents Financing Activities Cash flow used for financing activities was $291.9 million for 2018, as compared to $66.7 million for 2017. Financing activities during 2018 primarily consisted of the following: Cash inflows: Cash outflows: Financing activities during 2017 primarily consisted of: Cash inflows: Cash outflows: The Company continually evaluates its debt maturities, and, based on management’s current assessment, believes it has viable financing and refinancing alternatives that will not materially adversely impact its expected financial results. The Company continues to pursue borrowing opportunities with large commercial U.S. and global banks, select life insurance companies and certain regional and local banks. The Company has noticed a continuing trend that, although pricing remains dependent on specific deal terms, generally spreads for non-recourse mortgage financing has stabilized and the unsecured debt markets are functioning well and credit spreads are at manageable levels. Debt maturities for the remainder of 2018 consist of: $10.9 million of consolidated debt; $193.5 million of unconsolidated joint venture debt; and $5.9 million of debt on properties included in the Company’s Preferred Equity Program, assuming the utilization of extension options where available. The 2018 consolidated debt maturities are anticipated to be repaid with operating cash flows, borrowings from the Company’s Credit Facility and debt refinancing where applicable. The 2018 debt maturities on properties in the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures and Preferred Equity Program are anticipated to be repaid through operating cash flows, debt refinancing, unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from sales or partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate. The Company intends to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed charge coverage ratios as part of its commitment to maintain its investment-grade senior, unsecured debt ratings. The Company may, from time-to-time, seek to obtain funds through additional common and preferred equity offerings, unsecured debt financings and/or mortgage/construction loan financings and other capital alternatives. Since the completion of the Company’s IPO in 1991, the Company has utilized the public debt and equity markets as its principal source of capital for its expansion needs. Since the IPO, the Company has completed additional offerings of its public unsecured debt and equity, raising in the aggregate over $13.8 billion. Proceeds from public capital market activities have been used for the purposes of, among other things, repaying indebtedness, acquiring interests in open-air shopping centers, funding real estate under development projects, expanding and improving properties in the portfolio and other investments. During February 2018, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which is effective for a term of three years, for the future unlimited offerings, from time-to-time, of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and common stock warrants. The Company, pursuant to this shelf registration statement may, from time-to-time, offer for sale its senior unsecured debt for any general corporate purposes, including (i) funding specific liquidity requirements in its business, including property acquisitions, development and redevelopment costs and (ii) managing the Company’s debt maturities. Preferred Stock - During January 2018, the underwriting financial institutions for the Class M issuance elected to exercise the over-allotment option and as a result, the Company issued an additional 1,380,000 Class M Depositary Shares, each representing a one-thousandth fractional interest in a share of the Company's 5.250% Class M Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value per share. The Company received net proceeds before expenses of $33.4 million from this over-allotment issuance. 26 Table of Contents Share Repurchase Program – During February 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to $300.0 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company repurchased 1,600,000 shares for aggregate purchase price of $24.3 million. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had $275.7 million available under this common share repurchase program. Senior Notes – The Company’s supplemental indenture governing its senior notes contains the following covenants, all of which the Company is compliant with: For a full description of the various indenture covenants refer to the Indenture dated September 1, 1993; the First Supplemental Indenture dated August 4, 1994; the Second Supplemental Indenture dated April 7, 1995; the Third Supplemental Indenture dated June 2, 2006; the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated April 26, 2007; the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2009; the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013; and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, each as filed with the SEC. See the Exhibits Index to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for specific filing information. Credit Facility - The Company has a $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with a group of banks, which is scheduled to expire in March 2021, with two additional six-month options to extend the maturity date, at the Company’s discretion, to March 2022. This Credit Facility, which accrues interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points (2.49% as of March 31, 2018), can be increased to $2.75 billion through an accordion feature. In addition, the Credit Facility includes a $500.0 million sub-limit which provides the Company the opportunity to borrow in alternative currencies including Canadian Dollars, British Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen or Euros. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company, among other things, is subject to covenants requiring the maintenance of (i) maximum leverage ratios on both unsecured and secured debt and (ii) minimum interest and fixed coverage ratios. As of March 31, 2018, the Credit Facility had a balance of CAD 10.0 million (USD $7.7 million) outstanding and $0.5 million appropriated for letters of credit. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company, among other things, is subject to maintenance of various covenants. The Company is currently in compliance with these covenants. The financial covenants for the Credit Facility are as follows: For a full description of the Credit Facility’s covenants refer to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 30, 2017. Mortgages Payable – During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company (i) deconsolidated $206.0 million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt relating to an operating property for which the Company no longer has a controlling interest in and (ii) repaid $161.9 million of maturing mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustments of $0.4 million) that encumbered two operating properties. Additionally, during the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company disposed of an encumbered property through foreclosure. The transaction resulted in a net decrease in mortgage debt of $12.4 million. In addition, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of $4.3 million and relief of accrued interest of $3.4 million, both of which are included in Other income, net in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition to the public equity and debt markets as capital sources, the Company may, from time-to-time, obtain mortgage financing on selected properties and construction loans to partially fund the capital needs of its real estate development projects. As of March 31, 2018, the Company had over 355 unencumbered property interests in its portfolio. 27 Table of Contents Dividends – In connection with its intention to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Company expects to continue paying regular dividends to its stockholders. These dividends will be paid from operating cash flows. The Company’s Board of Directors will continue to evaluate the Company’s dividend policy on a quarterly basis as the Board of Directors monitors sources of capital and evaluates the impact of the economy and capital markets availability on operating fundamentals. Since cash used to pay dividends reduces amounts available for capital investment, the Company generally intends to maintain a conservative dividend payout ratio, reserving such amounts as it considers necessary for the expansion and renovation of shopping centers in its portfolio, debt reduction, the acquisition of interests in new properties and other investments as suitable opportunities arise and such other factors as the Board of Directors considers appropriate. Cash dividends paid for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 were $130.2 million and $126.3 million, respectively. Although the Company receives substantially all of its rental payments on a monthly basis, it generally intends to continue paying dividends quarterly. Amounts accumulated in advance of each quarterly distribution will be invested by the Company in short-term money market or other suitable instruments. On January 30, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.28 per common share payable to shareholders of record on April 3, 2018, which was paid on April 16, 2018. Additionally, on April 24, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.28 per common share payable to shareholders of record on July 3, 2018, which is scheduled to be paid on July 16, 2018. The Board of Directors declared quarterly dividends with respect to the Company’s various classes of cumulative redeemable preferred shares (Class I, J, K and L) and an initial dividend with respect to the Company’s Class M cumulative redeemable preferred shares, representing the period beginning on December 20, 2017. All dividends on the preferred shares were paid on April 16, 2018 to shareholders of record on April 3, 2018. Additionally, the Board of Directors also declared quarterly dividends with respect to the Company’s various series of cumulative redeemable preferred shares (Class I, J, K, L and M). All dividends on the preferred shares are scheduled to be paid on July 16, 2018, to shareholders of record on July 2, 2018. Hurricane Impact – On September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria struck Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane which resulted in widespread damage, flooding, and power outages. The Company has interests in seven operating properties located throughout Puerto Rico, aggregating 2.2 million square feet of GLA, which were variously impacted by the hurricane. The Company maintains a comprehensive property insurance policy on these properties with total coverage of up to $62.0 million, as well as business interruption insurance with coverage up to $39.3 million in the aggregate, subject to a collective deductible of $1.2 million. The Company expects to collect property insurance proceeds (net of deductible) equal to the replacement cost of its damaged property, currently estimated to be approximately $26.0 million. As of March 31, 2018, the Company has collected property insurance proceeds totaling $10.0 million to date and has a remaining receivable balance of $5.5 million, which is included in Other assets on the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects that the final replacement cost claim will exceed the amount previously written off due to property damage ($16.0 million) and that this excess amount will be recorded, net of the deductible, as income by the Company upon full settlement and collection of the casualty insurance claim. The Company’s business interruption insurance covers lost revenues as a result of the hurricane for a period of up to one year. After the expiration of one year following the loss, the policy has 365 days of extended period of indemnity which provides business interruption coverage in the event the properties have not fully recovered from the storm. As of March 31, 2018, the Company has collected business interruption claims totaling $3.7 million to date from its insurance provider. The Company is still in the process of assessing current and future business interruption insurance losses and will submit insurance claims for its estimated losses under its business interruption insurance policy. Other – The Company is subject to taxes on its activities in Canada, Puerto Rico and Mexico. In general, under local country law applicable to the structures the Company has in place and applicable treaties, the repatriation of cash to the Company from its subsidiaries and joint ventures in Canada, Puerto Rico and Mexico generally are not subject to withholding tax. The Company is subject to and also includes in its tax provision non-U.S. income taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. These investments are held by the Company at the REIT level and not in the Company’s taxable REIT subsidiary. Accordingly, the Company does not expect a U.S. income tax impact associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from the Company’s foreign subsidiaries. 28 Table of Contents Funds F rom Operations Funds From Operations (“FFO”) is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure utilized to evaluate the operating performance of real estate companies. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as net income/(loss) available to the Company’s common shareholders computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of operating real estate assets and change in control of interests, plus (ii) depreciation and amortization of operating properties and (iii) impairment of depreciable real estate and in substance real estate equity investments and (iv) after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. The Company presents FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders as it considers it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believes it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders when reporting results. Comparison of our presentation of FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. The Company also presents FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders as adjusted as an additional supplemental measure as it believes it is more reflective of its core operating performance and provides investors and analysts an additional measure to compare the Company’s performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders as adjusted is generally calculated by the Company as FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders excluding certain transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments which management believes are not reflective of the results within the Company’s operating real estate portfolio. FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies’ operating performances, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and therefore should not be considered an alternative for net income as a measure of liquidity. Our method of calculating FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders and FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders as adjusted may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. The Company’s reconciliation of net income available to the Company’s common shareholders to FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders and FFO available to the Company’s common shareholders as adjusted for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 29 Table of Contents Same Property Net Operating Income (“ S ame property NOI”) Same property NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies’ operating performance and should not be considered an alternative to net income in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of liquidity. The Company considers Same property NOI as an important operating performance measure because it is frequently used by securities analysts and investors to measure only the net operating income of properties that have been owned by the Company for the entire current and prior year reporting periods. It excludes properties under redevelopment, development and pending stabilization; properties are deemed stabilized at the earlier of (i) reaching 90% leased or (ii) one year following a project’s inclusion in operating real estate. Same property NOI assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the development, acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular period presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the Company's properties. Same property NOI is calculated using revenues from rental properties (excluding straight-line rent adjustments, lease termination fees, TIFs and amortization of above/below market rents) less charges for bad debt, operating and maintenance expense, real estate taxes and rent expense plus the Company’s proportionate share of Same property NOI from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, calculated on the same basis. The Company’s method of calculating Same property NOI available to the Company’s common shareholders may differ from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. The following is a reconciliation of Net income available to the Company’s common shareholders to Same property NOI (in thousands): Same property NOI increased by $5.3 million or 2.5% for the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. This increase is primarily the result of (i) an increase of $4.7 million related to lease-up and rent commencements in the portfolio and (ii) an increase in other property income of $0.8 million, partially offset by (iii) an increase of $0.2 million of credit loss. Leasing Activity During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company executed 314 leases totaling 3.2 million square feet in the Company’s consolidated operating portfolio comprised of 89 new leases and 225 renewals and options. The leasing costs associated with new leases are estimated to aggregate $14.7 million or $29.60 per square foot. These costs include $11.6 million of tenant improvements and $3.1 million of external leasing commissions. The average rent per square foot on new leases was $19.63 and on renewals and options was $14.20. 30 Table of Contents Tenant Lease Expirations The Company has a total of 5,883 leases in the U.S. consolidated operating portfolio. The following table sets forth the aggregate lease expirations for each of the next ten years, assuming no renewal options are exercised. For purposes of the table, the Total Annual Base Rent Expiring represents annualized rental revenue, excluding the impact of straight-line rent, for each lease that expires during the respective year. Amounts in thousands except for number of lease data: Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company’s primary market risk exposures are interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. The Company has not, and does not plan to, enter into any derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The following table presents the Company’s aggregate fixed rate and variable rate debt obligations outstanding, including fair market value adjustments and unamortized deferred financing costs, as of March 31, 2018, with corresponding weighted-average interest rates sorted by maturity date. The table does not include extension options where available. Amounts are in millions. Based on the Company’s variable-rate debt balances, interest expense would have increased by $0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018, if short-term interest rates were 1% higher. The following table presents the Company’s foreign investments in their respective local currencies and the U.S. dollar equivalents: Currency fluctuations between local currency and the U.S. dollar for the Company's foreign monetary assets and liabilities result in foreign currency gains/losses which are recognized in Other income, net in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company recognized a net foreign currency loss of $0.2 million. 31 Table of Contents Item 4. Controls and Procedures The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There have not been any changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 32 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The following information supplements and amends our discussion set forth under Part I, Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. The Company is not presently involved in any litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any litigation threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries that, in management's opinion, would result in any material adverse effect on the Company's ownership, management or operation of its properties taken as a whole, or which is not covered by the Company's liability insurance. Item 1A. Risk Factors There are no material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - During the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company repurchased 221,067 shares for aggregate purchase price of $3.4 million in connection with common shares surrendered or deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards under the Company’s equity-based compensation plans. In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company repurchased 1,600,000 shares for aggregate purchase price of $24.3 million in connection with the Company’s common share repurchase program. These shares are no longer outstanding. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits – 4.1 Agreement to File Instruments 33 Table of Contents Kimco Realty Corporation (the “Registrant”) hereby agrees to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request of the Commission, all instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries, and for any of its unconsolidated subsidiaries for which financial statements are required to be filed, and for which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 35