10-Q 1 pld-10q_20180930.htm 10-Q pld-10q_20180930.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission File Number: 001-13545 (Prologis, Inc.) 001-14245 (Prologis, L.P.) Prologis, Inc. Prologis, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (415) 394-9000 (Registrants’ telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to submit such files). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The number of shares of Prologis, Inc.’s common stock outstanding at October 18, 2018, was approximately 629,530,000. EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2018, of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Prologis, Inc.” or the “Parent” mean Prologis, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; and references to “Prologis, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” or the “OP” mean Prologis, L.P., and its consolidated subsidiaries. The terms “the Company,” “Prologis,” “we,” “our” or “us” means the Parent and the OP collectively. The Parent is a real estate investment trust (a “REIT”) and the general partner of the OP. At September 30, 2018, the Parent owned 97.07% common general partnership interest in the OP and 100% of the preferred units in the OP. The remainin g 2.93% common limited partnership interests are owned by unaffiliated investors and certain current and former directors and officers of the Parent. We operate the Parent and the OP as one enterprise. The management of the Parent consists of the same members as the management of the OP. These members are officers of the Parent and employees of the OP or one of its subsidiaries. As sole general partner, the Parent has control of the OP through complete responsibility and discretion in the day-to-day management and therefore, consolidates the OP for financial reporting purposes. Because the only significant asset of the Parent is its investment in the OP, the assets and liabilities of the Parent and the OP are the same on their respective financial statements. We believe combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent and the OP into this single report results in the following benefits: It is important to understand the few differences between the Parent and the OP in the context of how we operate the Company. The Parent does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the OP and issuing public equity from time to time. The Parent itself does not incur any indebtedness, but it guarantees the unsecured debt of the OP. The OP holds substantially all the assets of the business, directly or indirectly. The OP conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent, which are contributed to the OP in exchange for partnership units, the OP generates capital required by the business through the OP’s operations, incurrence of indebtedness and issuance of partnership units to third parties. The presentation of noncontrolling interests, stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and those of the OP. The differences in the presentations between stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital result from the differences in the equity and capital issuances in the Parent and in the OP. The preferred stock, common stock, additional paid-in capital, accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and distributions in excess of net earnings of the Parent are presented as stockholders’ equity in the Parent’s consolidated financial statements. These items represent the common and preferred general partnership interests held by the Parent in the OP and are presented as general partner’s capital within partners’ capital in the OP’s consolidated financial statements. The common limited partnership interests held by the limited partners in the OP are presented as noncontrolling interest within equity in the Parent’s consolidated financial statements and as limited partners’ capital within partners’ capital in the OP’s consolidated financial statements. To highlight the differences between the Parent and the OP, separate sections in this report, as applicable, individually discuss the Parent and the OP, including separate financial statements and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Parent and the OP, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of Prologis. PROLOGIS INDEX PART I. FINAN CIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Financial Statements PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share data) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 1 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 2 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY Nine Months Ended September 30, 2018 (Unaudited) (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 3 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In thousands) See Note 12 for information on noncash investing and financing activities and other information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 4 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements . 5 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per unit amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 6 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CAPITAL Nine Months Ended September 30, 2018 (Unaudited) (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 7 PRO LOG IS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In thousands) See Note 12 for information on noncash investing and financing activities and other information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 8 PROLOGIS, INC. AND PROLOGIS, L.P. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) NOTE 1. GENERAL Business . Prologis, Inc. (or the “Parent”) commenced operations as a fully integrated real estate company in 1997, elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), and believes the current organization and method of operation will enable it to maintain its status as a REIT. The Parent is the general partner of Prologis, L.P. (or the “Operating Partnership” or “OP”). Through the OP, we are engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development and management of logistics facilities with a focus on high-barrier, high-growth markets in 19 countries. We invest in real estate through wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities through which we co-invest with partners and investors. We maintain a significant level of ownership in these co-investment ventures, which may be consolidated or unconsolidated based on our level of control of the entity. Our current business strategy consists of two operating business segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. Our Real Estate Operations segment represents the ownership and development of logistics properties. Our Strategic Capital segment represents the management of unconsolidated co-investment ventures. See Note 11 for further discussion of our business segments. Unless otherwise indicated, the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to both the Parent and the OP. The terms “the Company,” “Prologis,” “we,” “our” or “us” means the Parent and OP collectively. For each share of preferred or common stock the Parent issues, the OP issues a corresponding preferred or common partnership unit, as applicable, to the Parent in exchange for the contribution of the proceeds from the stock issuance. At September 30, 2018, the Parent owned 97.07% common general partnership interest in the OP and 100% of the preferred units in the OP. The remaining 2.93% common limited partnership interests, which include 8.8 million Class A common limited partnership units (“Class A Units”) in the OP, are owned by unaffiliated investors and certain current and former directors and officers of the Parent. Each partner’s percentage interest in the OP is determined based on the number of OP units held, including the number of OP units into which Class A Units are convertible, compared to total OP units outstanding at each period end and is used as the basis for the allocation of net income or loss to each partner. At the end of each reporting period, a capital adjustment is made in the OP to reflect the appropriate ownership interest for each of the common unitholders. These adjustments are reflected in the line items Reallocation of Equity in the Consolidated Statement of Equity of the Parent and Reallocation of Capital in the Consolidated Statement of Capital of the OP. As the sole general partner of the OP, the Parent has complete responsibility and discretion in the day-to-day management and control of the OP and we operate the Parent and the OP as one enterprise. The management of the Parent consists of the same members as the management of the OP. These members are officers of the Parent and employees of the OP or one of its subsidiaries. As general partner with control of the OP, the Parent is the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidates the OP. Because the Parent’s only significant asset is its investment in the OP, the assets and liabilities of the Parent and the OP are the same on their respective financial statements. Basis of Presentation. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and are presented in our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. All material intercompany transactions with consolidated entities have been eliminated. The accompanying unaudited interim financial information has been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Certain information and note disclosures normally included in our annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted in accordance with such rules and regulations. Our management believes that the disclosures presented in these financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In our opinion, all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for both the Parent and the OP for the reported periods have been included. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. The accompanying unaudited interim financial information should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC, and other public information. New Accounting Pronouncements. New Accounting Standards Adopted Revenue Recognition . In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an accounting standard update (“ASU”) that requires companies to use a five-step model to determine when to recognize revenue from customer contracts in an effort to increase consistency and comparability throughout global capital markets and across industries. In February 2017, the FASB issued an additional ASU that provides the accounting treatment for gains and losses from the derecognition of non-financial assets, including the accounting for partial sales of real estate properties. We adopted the revenue recognition and derecognition of non-financial assets standards (collectively “the new revenue recognition standard”) on January 1, 2018, on a modified retrospective basis. Rental revenues and recoveries earned from leasing our operating properties are excluded from this ASU and will be assessed with the adoption of the lease ASU discussed below. Our evaluation under the new revenue recognition standard included recurring and 9 transactional fees and incentive fees (“promotes” or “promote revenues”) earned from our co-investment ventures as well as dispositions and contributions of real estate properties. There is no change in our recognition of recurring and transactional fees as we will continue to recognize these fees as we provide the services. Promote revenues are earned based on a venture’s cumulative returns over a certain time-period and the returns are determined by both the operating performance and real estate valuatio n of the venture, including highly variable inputs such as capitalization rates, market rents, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. As these key inputs are highly volatile and out of our control, and such volatility can materially impact our promotes period over period, we expect promote revenues will continue to be recognized at or near the end of the performance period. Accordingly, we do not expect significant changes in promote revenue recognition as a result of this ASU. For dispositions of real estate properties to third parties, the ASU will not impact the recognition of the sale. Beginning January 1, 2018, we recognized the entire gain attributed to contributions of real estate properties to unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We previously recognized a gain on contribution only to the extent of the third-party ownership in the unconsolidated co-investment venture acquiring the property and deferred the portion of the gain related to our ownership. For discussion of net gains on contributions to unconsolidated co-investment ventures recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, see Note 3. For deferred gains from partial sales recorded prior to the adoption, we will continue to recognize these gains over the lives of the underlying real estate properties or at the time of disposition to a third party, as discussed in Note 4. We adopted the practical expedient to only assess the recognition of revenue for open contracts during the transition period and there was no adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at January 1, 2018. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for that period. New Accounting Standards Issued but not yet Adopted Leases. In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that provides the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. In July 2018, the FASB issued an additional ASU that provided for targeted improvements to the February 2016 ASU. We refer to both ASUs collectively as the new lease standard. The new lease standard provides lessors a practical expedient to not separate rental recovery revenue from the associated rental revenue if certain criteria are met. We assessed these criteria and concluded that the timing and pattern of transfer for rental recoveries and the associated rental revenue are the same and our leases will continue to qualify as operating leases under which we will recognize rental revenue, and therefore we will account for and present rental revenue and rental recovery revenue as a single component. The new lease standard is effective for us on January 1, 2019 and we will apply it prospectively. We expect to adopt the practical expedients available for implementation. By adopting these practical expedients, we will not be required to reassess the following and therefore we do not expect an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings: (i) whether an expired or existing contract meets the definition of a lease; (ii) the lease classification at the adoption date for existing leases; and (iii) whether costs previously capitalized as initial direct costs would continue to be amortized. This allows us to continue to account for our ground and office space leases as operating leases, however, any new or renewed ground leases may be classified as financing leases unless they meet certain conditions to be considered a lease involving land owned by a government unit or authority. The new lease standard will also require new disclosures within the accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are completing our evaluation of the key drivers, such as the discount rate, in the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liability and the quantitative impact that adoption will have on the Consolidated Financial Statements in the future. Derivatives and Hedging . In August 2017, the FASB issued an ASU that simplifies the application of hedge accounting guidance in current GAAP and improves the reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity’s risk management activities in its consolidated financial statements. Among the simplification updates, the ASU eliminates the requirement in current GAAP to separately recognize periodic hedge ineffectiveness. Mismatches between the changes in value of the hedged item and hedging instrument may still occur but they will no longer be separately reported. The ASU requires the presentation of the earnings effect of the hedging instrument in the same income statement line item in which the earnings effect of the hedged item is reported. The ASU is effective for us on January 1, 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 10 NOTE 2. D CT TRANSACTION On August 22, 2018, DCT Industrial Trust Inc. (“DCT Inc.”) merged with and into Prologis, Inc., with Prologis, Inc. surviving the merger (the “Company Merger”) and immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP (“DCT OP”) merged with and into Prologis, L.P., with Prologis, L.P. surviving the merger (the “Partnership Merger” and, together with the Company Merger, the “DCT Transaction”). The term “DCT” means DCT Inc. and DCT OP collectively. The DCT Transaction was completed for $8.5 billion through the issuance of equity based on the closing price of Prologis’ common stock on August 21, 2018 and the assumption of debt. In connection with the transaction, each issued and outstanding share or unit held by a DCT stockholder or unitholder was converted automatically into 1.02 shares of Prologis common stock or common units of Prologis, L.P., respectively, including shares and units under DCT’s equity incentive plan that became fully vested at closing. Through the DCT Transaction, we acquired a portfolio of logistics real estate assets that consisted of 408 operating properties, aggregating 68.0 million square feet, 10 properties under development, aggregating 2.8 million square feet and 305 acres of land parcels with build-out potential of 4.5 million square feet. The aggregate equity consideration of approximately $6.6 billion is calculated below (in millions, except price per share): W e accounted for the DCT Transaction as an asset acquisition and as a result the transaction costs of $50.0 million were capitalized to the basis of the acquired properties. Transaction costs include investment banker advisory fees, legal fees and other costs. Under acquisition accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to the DCT net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values. The purchase price allocation of DCT resulted primarily in investments in real estate properties and related net intangible assets of $8.5 billion that was financed by the issuance of Prologis shares and units of $6.6 billion and the assumption of debt of $1.9 billion. NOTE 3. REAL ESTATE Investments in real estate properties consisted of the following (dollars and square feet in thousands): 11 Acquisitions The following table summarizes our real estate acquisition activity, excluding the DCT Transaction (as discussed in Note 2), for the three and nine months ended September 30 (dollars and square feet in thousands): Dispositions The following table summarizes our real estate disposition activity (dollars and square feet in thousands): 12 NOTE 4. UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES Summary of Investments We have investments in entities through a variety of ventures. We co-invest in entities that own multiple properties with partners and investors and we provide asset and property management services to these entities, which we refer to as co-investment ventures. These entities may be consolidated or unconsolidated, depending on the structure, our partner’s participation and other rights and our level of control of the entity. This note details our investments in unconsolidated co-investment ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. See Note 7 for more detail regarding our consolidated investments that are not wholly owned. We also have other ventures, generally with one partner and that we do not manage, which we account for using the equity method. We refer to our investments in all entities accounted for using the equity method, both unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures, collectively, as unconsolidated entities. The following table summarizes our investments in and advances to our unconsolidated entities (in thousands): Unconsolidated Co-Investment Ventures The following table summarizes the Strategic Capital Revenues we recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (in thousands): 13 The following table summarizes the key property information, financial position and operating information of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (not our proportionate share) and the amounts we recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements related to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (dollars and square feet in millions): Equity Commitments Related to Certain Unconsolidated Co-Investment Ventures The following table summarizes the remaining equity commitments at September 30, 2018 (in millions): 14 NOTE 5. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE OR CONTRIBUTION We have investments in certain real estate properties that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale or contribution at September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017. At the time of classification, these properties were expected to be sold to third parties or were recently developed and expected to be contributed to unconsolidated co-investment ventures within twelve months. The amounts included in Assets Held for Sale Or Contribution represented real estate investment balances and the related assets for each property. Assets held for sale or contribution consisted of the following (dollars and square feet in thousands): NOTE 6. DEBT All debt is incurred by the OP or its consolidated subsidiaries. The Parent does not have any indebtedness, but guarantees the unsecured debt issued by the OP. The following table summarizes our debt (dollars in thousands): Generally, we borrow in the functional currency of the consolidated subsidiaries, but we also borrow in currencies other than the U.S. dollar in the OP and may designate this borrowing as a nonderivative financial instrument. We may also hedge our foreign currency risk by designating derivative financial instruments as net investment hedges, as these amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments. See Note 10 for more information about our nonderivative and derivative financial instruments. 15 In order to pay down the debt, we utilized the proceeds principally from the issuance of the following senior notes: (i) in June 2018, $700.0 million senior notes due in September 2028 through 2048 with interest rates ranging from 3.9% to 4.4%; (ii) in July 2018, €700.0 million ($818.7 million) senior notes due in January 2029 with an interest rate of 1.9%; and (iii) in September 2018, ¥55.1 billion ($488.7 million) senior notes due in September 2025 through 2038 with interest rates ranging from 0.7% to 1.5%. The exchange rate used to calculate into U.S. dollars was the spot rate at the settlement date. Credit Facilities We have a global senior credit facility (the “Global Facility”), under which we may draw in British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, euro, Japanese yen and U.S. dollars on a revolving basis up to $3.0 billion (subject to currency fluctuations). We have the ability to increase the Global Facility to $3.8 billion, subject to currency fluctuations and obtaining additional lender commitments. Pricing under the Global Facility, including the spread over LIBOR, facility fees and letter of credit fees, varies based on the public debt ratings of the OP. The Global Facility is scheduled to mature in April 2020; however, we may extend the maturity date for six months on two occasions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of extension fees. We also have a Japanese yen revolver (the “Revolver”) with availability of ¥50.0 billion ($441.1 million at September 30, 2018). We have the ability to increase the Revolver to ¥65.0 billion ($573.4 million at September 30, 2018), subject to obtaining additional lender commitments. Pricing under the Revolver, including the spread over LIBOR, facility fees and letter of credit fees, varies based on the public debt ratings of the OP. The Revolver is scheduled to mature in February 2021; however, we may extend the maturity date for one year, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of extension fees. We refer to the Global Facility and the Revolver, collectively, as our “Credit Facilities.” The following table summarizes information about our Credit Facilities at September 30, 2018 (in millions): Senior Notes In January 2018, we issued €400.0 million ($494.2 million) of senior notes bearing a floating rate of Euribor plus 0.3%, maturing in January 2020. The exchange rate used to calculate into U.S. dollars was the spot rate at the settlement date . In association with the issuance, we entered into cash flow hedges to effectively fix the interest rate, as discussed in Note 10. Following the issuance, we used the proceeds to pay down our multi-currency term loan (the “2017 Term Loan”) during the first quarter of 2018. We also issued senior notes as described above to pay down debt assumed in the DCT Transaction of $1.8 billion, as well as for general corporate purposes. Term Loans During the nine months ended September 30, 2018, we borrowed on our Global Facility and paid down CAD 201.4 million ($158.9 million) on a Canadian term loan (“2015 Canadian Term Loan”) , leaving CAD 170.5 million ($131.0 million at September 30, 2018) outstanding . In association with the pay down, we terminated our Canadian-denominated cash flow hedges in February 2018. See Note 10 for more information. During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we paid down $1.5 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, and reborrowed $1.4 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, on our 2017 Term Loan. 16 Long-Term Debt Maturities Principal payments due on our debt for the remainder of 2018 and for each year through the period ended December 31, 2022, and thereafter were as follows at September 30, 2018 (in thousands): Financial Debt Covenants We have $8.4 billion of senior notes and $1.8 billion of term loans outstanding at September 30, 2018 that were subject to certain financial covenants under their related indentures. We are also subject to financial covenants under our Credit Facilities and certain secured mortgage debt. At September 30, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants. Guarantee of Finance Subsidiary Debt In July 2018, we formed a finance subsidiary as part of our operations in Europe, Prologis Euro Finance LLC (“Euro Finance Subsidiary”). In August 2018, we formed a finance subsidiary as part of our operations in Japan, Prologis Yen Finance LLC (“Yen Finance Subsidiary”). In October 2018, we formed a finance subsidiary as part of our operations in the United Kingdom, Prologis Sterling Finance LLC (“Sterling Finance Subsidiary”). The Euro Finance Subsidiary and Yen Finance Subsidiary are 100% indirectly owned by the OP and all unsecured debt issued by each entity is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the OP. The Sterling Finance Subsidiary is 100% indirectly owned by the OP and all unsecured debt issued will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the OP. There are no restrictions or limits on the OP’s ability to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. In reliance on Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, the separate financial statements of the Euro Finance Subsidiary, Yen Finance Subsidiary and Sterling Finance Subsidiary are not provided. NOTE 7. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS Prologis, L.P. We report noncontrolling interests related to several entities we consolidate but of which we do not own 100% of the equity. These entities include two real estate partnerships that have issued limited partnership units to third parties. Depending on the specific partnership agreements, these limited partnership units are redeemable for cash or, at our option, into shares of the Parent’s common stock, generally at a rate of one share of common stock to one unit. We also consolidate certain entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity but the equity of these entities is not exchangeable into our common stock. Prologis, Inc. The noncontrolling interests of the Parent include the noncontrolling interests for the OP, as well as the limited partnership units in the OP that are not owned by the Parent. 17 The following table summarizes our ownership percentages, noncontrolling interests and the consolidated entities’ total assets and liabilities (dollars in thousands): NOTE 8. LONG-TERM COMPENSATION Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Programs Prologis Outperformance Plan (“POP”) We allocate participation points to participants under our POP corresponding to three-year performance periods beginning January 1. The fair value of the awards is measured at the grant date and amortized over the period from the grant date to the date at which the awards vest, which range from three to ten years. POP awards are earned to the extent our three-year compound annualized total stockholder return (“TSR”) for the performance period is positive and exceeds the three-year compound annualized TSR for the Morgan Stanley Capital International (“MSCI”) US REIT Index for the same period plus 100 basis points. We granted participation points for the 2018 – 2020 performance period in January 2018, with a fair value of $23.3 million using a Monte Carlo valuation model that assumed a risk-free interest rate of 2.1% and an expected volatility of 16.5%. The 2018 – 2020 performance period has an absolute maximum cap of $100 million. If the award is earned then 20% of the POP award is paid at the end of the performance period and the remaining 80% is subject to additional seven-year cliff vesting. The 20% that is paid at the end of the three-year performance period is subject to an additional three-year holding requirement. The performance criteria were met for the 2015 – 2017 performance period, which resulted in awards being earned at December 31, 2017. An aggregate performance pool of $110.2 million was awarded in January 2018 in the form of 0.6 million shares of common stock and 1.2 million vested LTIP Units. Other Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Programs Our other equity-based compensation plans and programs include (i) the Prologis Promote Plan (“PPP”); (ii) the annual long-term incentive (“LTI”) equity award program (“Annual LTI Award”); and (iii) the annual bonus exchange program. Awards under these plans and programs may be issued in the form of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) or LTIP Units at the participant’s election. RSUs and LTIP Units are valued based on the market price of the Parent’s common stock on the date the award is granted and is charged to compensation expense over the service period. Beginning in February 2018 with awards for PPP and Annual LTI Awards, the service period is four years. 18 Summary of Award Activity RSUs The following table summarizes the activity for RSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 (units in thousands): LTIP Units The following table summarizes the activity for LTIP Units for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 (units in thousands): NOTE 9. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE OR UNIT We determine basic earnings per share or unit based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock or units outstanding during the period. We compute diluted earnings per share or unit based on the weighted average number of shares or units outstanding combined with the incremental weighted average effect from all outstanding potentially dilutive instruments. The computation of our basic and diluted earnings per share and unit was as follows (in thousands, except per share and unit amounts): 19 NOTE 10. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Derivative Financial Instruments In the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to market risks, including the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We enter into derivative financial instruments to offset these underlying market risks. There have been no significant changes in our policy or strategy from what was disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 20 The following table presents the fair value of our derivative financial instruments recognized within Other Assets and Other Liabilities on the Con solidated Balance Sheet (in thousands): Undesignated Derivative Financial Instruments Foreign Currency Contracts The following table summarizes the activity of our undesignated foreign currency contracts for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions, except for weighted average forward rates and number of active contracts): The following table summarizes the undesignated derivative financial instruments exercised and associated realized gains (losses) and unrealized gains (losses) in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (in millions, except for number of exercised contracts): 21 Designated Derivative Financial Instruments Foreign Currency Contracts The following table summarizes the activity of our foreign currency contracts designated as net investment hedges for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions, except for weighted average forward rates and number of active contracts): Interest Rate Swaps The following table summarizes the activity of our interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions): Ineffectiveness During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we had no losses due to hedge ineffectiveness. Designated Nonderivative Financial Instruments The following table summarizes our debt and accrued interest, designated as a nonderivative financial instrument to hedge our net investment in international subsidiaries (in millions): We recognized unrealized gains of $13.9 million and $54.2 million in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net on the unhedged portion of our debt and accrued interest, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018, respectively. We recognized unrealized losses of $8.0 million and $19.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2017, respectively. 22 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The change in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the periods presented is due to the translation into U.S. dollars on consolidation of the financial statements of our consolidated subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. The change in fair value of the effective portion of our derivative financial instruments that have been designated as net investment hedges and cash flow hedges and the translation of our nonderivative financial instruments as discussed above are also included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). The following table presents these changes in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements There have been no significant changes in our policy from what was disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis At September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, other than the derivatives discussed previously, we did not have any significant financial assets or financial liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Consolidated Financial Statements. All of our derivatives held at September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value Measurements on Nonrecurring Basis Acquired properties and assets we expect to sell or contribute met the criteria to be measured on a nonrecurring basis at fair value and the lower of their carrying amount or their estimated fair value less the costs to sell, respectively, at September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017. At September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we estimate the fair value of our properties using Level 2 or Level 3 inputs from the fair value hierarchy. See more information on our acquired properties and assets held for sale or contribution in Notes 2, 3 and 5, respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments At September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, the carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses were representative of their fair values. The differences in the fair value of our debt from the carrying value in the table below were the result of differences in interest rates or borrowing spreads that were available to us at September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, as compared with those in effect when the debt was issued or assumed, including reduced borrowing spreads due to our improved credit ratings. The senior notes and many of the issuances of secured mortgage debt contain pre-payment penalties or yield maintenance provisions that could make the cost of refinancing the debt at lower rates exceed the benefit that would be derived from doing so. 23 The following table reflects the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our debt (in thousands): NOTE 11. BUSINESS SEGMENTS Our current business strategy consists of two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. We generate revenues, net operating income, earnings and cash flows through our segments, as follows: 24 Reconciliations are presented below for: (i) each reportable business segment’s revenues from external customers to Total Revenues ; (ii) each reportable business segment’s net operating income from external customers to Operating Income and Earnings Before Income Taxes ; and (iii) each reportable business segment’s assets to Total Assets . Our chief operating decision makers rely prima rily on net operating income and similar measures to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing segment performance. The applicable components of Total Revenues, Operating Income, Earnings Before Income Taxes and Total Assets are allocated to each reportable business segment’s revenues, net operating income and assets. Items that are not directly assignable to a segment, such as certain corporate income and expenses, are not allocated but reflected as reconciling items. The fo llowing reconciliations are presented in thousands: 25 NOTE 12. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Our significant noncash investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 included the following: We paid $188.0 million and $232.4 million for interest, net of amounts capitalized, for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We paid $37.2 million and $29.7 million for income taxes, net of refunds, for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 26 REPORT OF INDEP ENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Prologis, Inc.: Results of Review of Interim Financial Information We have reviewed the consolidated balance sheet of Prologis, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, and consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statement of equity for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2018, the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated interim financial information). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 15, 2018, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. Basis for Review Results This consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of consolidated interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado October 22, 2018 27 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners Prologis, L.P.: Results of Review of Interim Financial Information We have reviewed the consolidated balance sheet of Prologis, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Operating Partnership) as of September 30, 2018, the related consolidated statements of income, and consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statement of capital for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2018, the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated interim financial information). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 15, 2018, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. Basis for Review Results This consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Operating Partnership’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of consolidated interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado October 22, 2018 28 IT EM 2. Ma nagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 1 of this report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The statements in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate as well as management’s beliefs and assumptions. Such statements involve uncertainties that could significantly impact our financial results. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” and “estimates” including variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future — including statements relating to rent and occupancy growth, development activity, contribution and disposition activity, general conditions in the geographic areas where we operate, our debt, capital structure and financial position, our ability to form new co-investment ventures and the availability of capital in existing or new co-investment ventures — are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained, and therefore actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may affect outcomes and results include, but are not limited to: (i) national, international, regional and local economic and political climates; (ii) changes in global financial markets, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; (iii) increased or unanticipated competition for our properties; (iv) risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions and development of properties; (v) maintenance of real estate investment trust (“REIT”) status, tax structuring and changes in income tax laws and rates; (vi) availability of financing and capital, the levels of debt that we maintain and our credit ratings; (vii) risks related to our investments in our co-investment ventures, including our ability to establish new co-investment ventures; (viii) risks of doing business internationally, including currency risks; (ix) environmental uncertainties, including risks of natural disasters; and (x) those additional factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements appearing in this report except as may be required by law. Prologis, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed REIT and is the sole general partner of Prologis, L.P. We operate Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. as one enterprise and, therefore, our discussion and analysis refers to Prologis, Inc. and its con solidated subsidiaries, including Prologis, L.P., collectively. We invest in real estate through wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities through which we co-invest with partners and investors. We maintain a significant level of ownership in these co-investment ventures, which may be consolidated or unconsolidated based on our level of control of the entity. MANAGEMENT’S OVERVIEW Prologis is the global leader in logistics real estate with a focus on high-barrier, high-growth markets in 19 countries. We own, manage and develop well-located, high-quality logistics facilities in the world’s busiest consumption markets. Our local teams actively manage our portfolio, which encompasses leasing and property management, capital deployment and opportunistic dispositions allowing us to recycle capital to self-fund our development activities. The majority of our properties in the United States (“U.S.”) are wholly owned, while our properties outside the U.S. are generally held in co-investment ventures, reducing our exposure to foreign currency movements. Our portfolio benefits from key drivers of economic activity, including consumption, supply chain modernization, e-commerce and urbanization. In the developed markets of the U.S., Europe and Japan, key factors are the reconfiguration of supply chains (strongly influenced by e-commerce trends), and the operational efficiencies that can be realized from our modern logistics facilities. In emerging markets, such as Brazil, China and Mexico, new affluence and the rise of a new consumer class have increased the need for modern distribution networks. Our strategy is to own the highest-quality logistics property portfolio in each of our target markets. These markets are characterized by large population densities and consumption. They typically offer proximity to large labor pools and are supported by extensive transportation infrastructure (major airports, seaports and rail and highway networks). Customers turn to us because they know an efficient supply chain will make their businesses run better, and that a strategic relationship with Prologis will create a competitive advantage. We operate our business on an owned and managed basis, including properties that we wholly own and properties that are owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We make decisions based on the property operations, regardless of our ownership interest, and therefore we generally evaluate operating metrics on an owned and managed basis. On August 22, 2018, DCT Industrial Trust Inc. and DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP (“DCT,” collectively) merged into Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., respectively, which is herein referred to as the DCT Transaction. The DCT Transaction primarily added $8.5 billion of real estate investments through the issuance of $6.6 billion of equity and the assumption of $1.9 billion of debt. At September 30, 2018, we have refinanced $1.8 billion of the debt assumed, which is more fully discussed below. The DCT portfolio of logistics real estate assets is highly complementary to our portfolio in terms of product quality, location and growth potential and consisted of 408 operating properties, 10 properties under development and land. The acquisition expands our presence in the high growth U.S. markets of Southern California, San Francisco Bay area, Seattle and South Florida. As a result of the closely aligned portfolios and similar 29 business strategi es, we have integrated the properties while adding minimal property management and general and administrative (“G&A”) expenses . Our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 include the results of DCT for 40 days. See Note 2 to the Con solidated Financial Statements in Item 1 for more information. At September 30, 2018, we owned or had investments in, on a wholly-owned basis or through co-investment ventures, properties and development projects (based on gross book value and total expected investment (“TEI”)) totaling $67.3 billion across 771 million square feet (72 million square meters) across four continents. Our investment totaled $42.1 billion and consisted of our wholly-owned properties and our pro rata (or ownership) share of the properties owned by our co-investment ventures. We leased modern logistics facilities to a diverse base of approximately 5,500 customers. Our business comprises two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. Real Estate Operations Rental. Rental operations comprise the largest component of our operating segments and generally contribute 90% of our consolidated revenues, earnings and funds from operations (“FFO”) (see below for more information on FFO, a non-GAAP measure). We collect rent from our customers through long-term operating leases, including reimbursements for the majority of our property operating costs. We expect to generate long-term internal growth by increasing rents, maintaining high occupancy rates and controlling expenses. The primary driver of our rent growth will be rolling in-place leases to current market rents. We believe our active portfolio management, coupled with the skills of our property, leasing, maintenance, capital, energy and risk management teams, will allow us to maximize rental revenues across our portfolio. A significant amount of our rental revenues and net operating income (“NOI”) are generated in the U.S. Development. We develop properties to meet our customers’ needs, deepen our market presence and refresh our portfolio quality. We believe we have a competitive advantage due to (i) the strategic locations of our land bank; (ii) the development expertise of our local teams; and (iii) the depth of our customer relationships. Successful development and redevelopment efforts increase both the rental revenues and the net asset value of our Real Estate Operations segment. We measure the development value we create based on the increase in estimated fair value of a stabilized development property, as compared to the costs incurred. We develop properties in the U.S. for long-term hold or contribution to our unconsolidated co-investment venture and outside the U.S. we develop primarily for contribution to our co-investment ventures. Occasionally, we develop for sale to third parties. NOI from this segment is calculated directly from our financial statements as Rental Revenues , Rental Recoveries and Development Management and Other Revenues less Rental Expenses and Other Expenses. Strategic Capital Real estate is a capital-intensive business that requires new capital to grow. Our strategic capital business gives us access to third-party capital, both private and public, allowing us to diversify our sources of capital and providing us with a broad range of options to fund our growth, while reducing our exposure to foreign currency movements for investments outside of the U.S. We partner with some of the world’s largest institutional investors to grow our business and provide incremental revenues, with a focus on long-term and open-ended ventures. We also access alternative sources of equity through two publicly traded vehicles: Nippon Prologis REIT, Inc. in Japan and FIBRA Prologis in Mexico. We align interests with those of our partners by holding significant ownership interests in all of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (ranging from 15% to 50%). This segment produces stable, long-term cash flows and generally contributes 10% of our consolidated revenues, earnings and FFO. We generate strategic capital revenues from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, principally through asset and property management services, of which 90% are generally earned from long-term and open-ended ventures. We earn additional revenues by providing leasing, acquisition, construction, development, financing, legal and disposition services. In certain ventures, we also have the ability to earn revenues through incentive fees (“promotes” or “promote revenues”) periodically during the life of a venture or upon liquidation. We plan to profitably grow this business by increasing our assets under management in existing or new ventures. Generally, the majority of the strategic capital revenues are generated outside the U.S. NOI in this segment is calculated directly from our financial statements as Strategic Capital Revenues less Strategic Capital Expenses and does not include property-related NOI. 30 FUTURE GROWTH We believe the quality and scale of our global portfolio, the expertise of our team, the depth of our customer relationships and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenues, NOI, earnings, FFO, and cash flows is based on the following: SUMMARY OF 2018 During the nine months ended September 30, 2018, operating fundamentals remained strong for our owned and managed operating portfolio and we ended the period with occupancy of 97.5%. See below for the results of our two business segments and details of the operating activity of our owned and managed portfolio. In 2018, we completed the following significant activities as previously described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements: This debt activity resulted in extending our debt maturities to 6.3 years and lowering our weighted average interest rate to 2.7%. 31 Throughout this discussion, we reflect amounts in U.S. dollars, our reporting currency. Included in these amounts are consolidated and unconsolidated investments denominated in foreign currencies, principally the British pound sterling, euro and Japanese yen that are impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates when translated to U.S. dollars. We mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations by investing outside the U.S. through co-investment ventures, borrowing in the functional currency of our consolidated subsidiaries, borrowing in currencies other than the U.S. dollar in Prologis, L.P. (designated as a nonderivative financial instrument) and utilizing derivative financial instruments. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 AND 2017 We evaluate our business operations based on the NOI of our two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. NOI by segment is a non-GAAP financial measure that is calculated using revenues and expenses directly from our financial statements. We consider NOI by segment to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance because it helps management and investors understand the core operations of our real estate assets. Below is a reconciliation of our NOI by segment to Operating Income per the Consolidated Financial Statements for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions). Each segment’s NOI is reconciled to a line item in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the respective segment discussion below. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our segments and a reconciliation of each business segment’s NOI to Operating Income and Earnings Before Income Taxes. Real Estate Operations This operating segment principally includes rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses recognized from our consolidated properties. We allocate the costs of our property management functions to the Real Estate Operations segment through Rental Expenses and the Strategic Capital segment through Strategic Capital Expenses based on the square footage of the relative portfolios as compared to our total owned and managed portfolio. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate continue to be strong, which has driven rents higher, kept occupancies high and has fueled development activity. This segment is impacted by our development, acquisition and disposition activities. Below are the components of Real Estate Operations revenues, expenses and NOI for the nine months ended September 30, derived directly from line items in the Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions): 32 The change in Real Estate Operations NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 from the same period in 2017, was impacted by the following items (in millions): Below are key operating metrics of our consolidated operating portfolio. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified certain definitions of our operating metrics to align methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. These changes were retroactively applied for all prior periods presented. 33 Development Start Activity The following table summarizes consolidated development starts for the nine months ended September 30 (dollars and square feet in millions): Development Stabilization Activity The following table summarizes consolidated development stabilizations for the nine months ended September 30 (dollars and square feet in millions): Capital Expenditures We capitalize costs incurred in renovating and improving our operating properties as part of the investment basis. The following graph summarizes our capital expenditures on operating properties within our consolidated operating portfolio: Strategic Capital This operating segment includes revenues from asset and property management and other fees for services performed, as well as promotes earned, from the unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Revenues associated with the Strategic Capital segment fluctuate because of the size of co-investment ventures under management, the transactional activity in the ventures and the timing of promotes. These revenues are reduced generally by the direct costs associated with the asset management and property-level management expenses for the properties owned by these ventures. We allocate the costs of our property management functions to the Strategic Capital segment through Strategic Capital Expenses and to the Real Estate Operations segment through Rental Expenses based on the square footage of the relative portfolios as compared to our total owned and managed portfolio. Below are the components of Strategic Capital revenues, expenses and NOI for the nine months ended September 30, derived directly from the line items in the Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions): 34 Below is additional detail of our Strategic Capital revenues, expenses and NOI for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions): The following real estate investments were held through our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on historical cost (dollars and square feet in millions): See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. G&A Expenses G&A expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2018, from the same period in 2017, principally due to inflationary increases, higher compensation expenses based on our performance and certain employee restructuring costs. We capitalize certain costs directly related to our development and leasing activities. Capitalized G&A expenses included salaries and related costs, as well as other G&A costs. The following table summarizes capitalized G&A amounts for the nine months ended September 30 (dollars in millions): 35 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses The change in depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 from the same period in 2017, was impacted by the following items (in millions): Our Owned and Managed Operating Portfolio We manage our business and review our operating fundamentals on an owned and managed basis, which includes properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We believe reviewing these fundamentals this way allows management to understand the entire impact to the financial statements, as it will affect both the Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital segments, as well as the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership share. We do not control the unconsolidated co-investment ventures for purposes of GAAP and the presentation of the ventures’ operating information does not represent a legal claim to such items. Our owned and managed operating portfolio does not include our development portfolio, value-added properties or properties held for sale to third parties. Value-added properties are defined as properties that are expected to be repurposed or redeveloped to a higher and better use and recently acquired properties that present opportunities to create greater value. See below for information on our owned and managed operating portfolio (square feet in millions): 36 Below are the key operating metrics summarizing the leasing a ctivity of our owned and managed operating portfolio. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified certain definitions of our operating metrics to align methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. These changes were retroactively applied for all pri or periods presented. Same Store Analysis Our same store metrics are non-GAAP financial measures, which are commonly used in the real estate industry and expected from the financial community, on both a net-effective and cash basis. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a “same store” analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, which allows us to analyze our ongoing business operations. We define our same store population for the three months ended September 30, 2018 as our owned and managed properties that were in the operating portfolio at January 1, 2017 and owned throughout the end of the same three-month period in both 2018 and 2017. The same store population excludes non-industrial real estate properties and properties held for sale to third parties, along with development properties that were not stabilized at the beginning of the period (January 1, 2017) and properties acquired or disposed of to third parties during the period. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified our definition of same store to align methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. This did not materially change our historical amounts reported. To derive an appropriate measure of period-to-period operating performance, we remove the effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements by using the reported period end exchange rate to translate from local currency into the U.S. dollar, for both periods. We believe the factors that affect rental revenues, rental recoveries, rental expenses and NOI in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for our consolidated portfolio. As our same store measures are non-GAAP financial measures, they have certain limitations as analytical tools and may vary among real estate companies. As a result, we provide a reconciliation of rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses from our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with GAAP to same store property NOI with explanations of how these metrics are calculated. In addition, we further remove certain noncash items (straight-line rent adjustments and amortization of lease intangibles) included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP to reflect a cash same store number. To clearly label these metrics, they are categorized as same store portfolio NOI – net effective and same store portfolio NOI – cash. 37 The following is a reconciliation of our consolidated rental revenues, rental recoveries, rental expenses and property NOI, as included in the Consolidated Statements of Income, to the respective amounts in our same store portfolio analysis for the three m onths ended September 30 (dollars in millions): Other Components of Income (Expense) Earnings from Unconsolidated Entities, Net We recognized net earnings from unconsolidated entities, which are accounted for using the equity method, of $182 million and $172 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The earnings we recognize can be impacted by: (i) variances in NOI and other revenues and expenses of each venture; (ii) the size and occupancy rate of the portfolio of properties owned by each venture; (iii) gains or losses from the dispositions of properties and extinguishment of debt; (iv) our ownership interest in each venture; and (v) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate our share of net earnings to U.S. dollars. 38 See the discussion of our co-inv estment ventures above in the Strategic Capital segment discussion and in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further breakdown of our share of net earnings recognized. Interest Expense The following table details our net interest expense for the nine months ended September 30 (dollars in millions): Our overall debt increased by $1.5 billion from September 30, 2017 to September 30, 2018, primarily due to the acquisition of DCT on August 22, 2018. Gross interest expense decreased for the nine months ended 2018, from the same period in 2017, principally due to lower interest rates and average debt balances during the period. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below, for further discussion of our debt and borrowing costs. Gains on Dispositions of Investments in Real Estate and Revaluation of Equity Investments Upon Acquisition of a Controlling Interest, Net During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we recognized net gains on dispositions of investments in real estate and revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest of $483 million and $959 million, respectively. We utilized the proceeds of both contributions and dispositions to fund our capital investments in both periods. We contributed properties, generally that we developed, to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, principally in Europe and Japan in 2018 and 2017. In 2017, we also contributed a significant portfolio of operating properties to USLF. We also sold properties to third parties, primarily from our operating portfolio in the U.S. These dispositions have supported our strategic objective of owning a portfolio of high-quality properties in the most active centers of commerce. We expect to continue to develop and contribute properties to these ventures, depending on market conditions and other factors. We also expect to continue to sell assets to third parties, including the non-strategic assets acquired through the DCT Transaction. Beginning January 1, 2018, we recognized the entire gain attributed to contributions of real estate properties to unconsolidated co-investment ventures under the new revenue recognition standard, as discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We previously recognized a gain in connection with contributions to the extent of the third-party ownership in the unconsolidated co-investment ventures acquiring the property . For deferred gains from partial sales recorded prior to the adoption, we will continue to recognize these gains over the lives of the underlying real estate properties or at the time of disposition to a third party. See Notes 3 and 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the gains we recognized. Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net The following table details our foreign currency and derivative gains (losses), net for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions): 39 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our derivative transactions. Losses on Early Extinguishment of Debt, Net During the nine months ended September 30, 2018, we incurred prepayment penalties of $49 million upon extinguishment of $1.8 billion of debt that included a $47 million premium due to the assumption of this debt in the DCT Transaction, which resulted in a loss of $2 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017, we redeemed $618 million of senior notes and repaid $302 million of secured mortgage debt prior to maturity, which resulted in a loss of $31 million. Income Tax Expense We recognize income tax expense related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries and in the local, state and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Our current income tax expense fluctuates from period to period based primarily on the timing of our taxable income. Deferred income tax expense (benefit) is generally a function of the period’s temporary differences and the utilization of net operating losses generated in prior years that had been previously recognized as deferred income tax assets in taxable subsidiaries operating in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions. The following table summarizes our income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions): The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, reduced the corporate federal tax rate in the U.S. to 21.0%, effective upon enactment. As such, deferred tax assets and liabilities were remeasured using the lower corporate federal tax rate beginning December 31, 2017. While we do not expect material impacts, the new rules are complex and lack developed administrative guidance; thus, the impact of certain aspects of these provisions on us is currently unclear. Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests This amount represents the third-party investors’ share of the earnings generated in consolidated entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity, reduced by the third-party share of fees or promotes payable to us and earned during the period. We had net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests of $81 million and $71 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Included in these amounts were $31 million and $37 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of net earnings attributable to the common limited partnership unitholders of Prologis, L.P. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our noncontrolling interests. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our derivative transactions and other comprehensive income (loss). Other Matters The U.S. government has created the potential for significant changes in trade policies, including tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries where we operate. We believe that our customers are moving forward with their growth plans and we do not expect these tariffs in current form will materially change the consumption habits that drive our business globally. However, increased sanctions are generally negative for all businesses in the U.S. and abroad, including our business, and could adversely affect economic growth generally and therefore our financial performance. 40 R ESULTS OF OPERATIONS – THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 AND 2017 Except as separately discussed above, the changes in comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders and its components for the three months ended September 30, 2018, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2017, are similar to the changes for the nine-month periods ended on the same dates. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties and available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements. Near-Term Principal Cash Sources and Uses In addition to dividends and distributions, we expect our primary cash needs will consist of the following: We expect to fund our cash needs principally from the following sources (subject to market conditions): We may also generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions. 41 Debt The following table summarizes information about our consolidated debt by currency (dollars in millions): During the nine months ended September 30, 2018, we had the following significant consolidated debt activity, which resulted in extending our debt maturities and lowering our weighted average interest rate (principal in millions): At September 30, 2018, we had credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion, of which $3.2 billion was available for borrowing. Our credit ratings at September 30, 2018, were A3 from Moody’s and A- from S&P, both with stable outlook. These ratings allow us to borrow at an advantageous rate. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. At September 30, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants. These covenants include customary financial covenants for total debt, encumbered debt and fixed charge coverage ratios. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our debt. Equity Commitments Related to Certain Co-Investment Ventures Certain co-investment ventures have equity commitments from us and our venture partners. Our venture partners fulfill their equity commitment with cash. We may fulfill our equity commitment through contributions of properties or cash. See the Cash Flow Summary below for more information about our investment activity in our co-investment ventures. For more information on equity commitments for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 42 Cash Flow Summary The following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions): Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities, exclusive of changes in receivables and payables, is impacted by the following significant activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017: Investing Activities Cash provided by investing activities is primarily driven by proceeds from contributions and dispositions of real estate properties. Cash used in investing activities is principally driven by our investments in real estate development, acquisitions and capital expenditures. See Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these real estate activities. In addition, the following significant transactions impacted our cash provided by and used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017: 43 Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities is primarily driven by proceeds from the issuance of debt. Cash used in financing activities is principally driven by dividends paid on common and preferred units, redemption of limited common partnership units, noncontrolling interest distributions and payments of debt and credit facilities. In addition, the following significant transactions impacted our cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017: Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Unconsolidated Co-Investment Venture Debt We had investments in and advances to unconsolidated co-investment ventures, at September 30, 2018, of $5.3 billion. These ventures had total third-party debt of $8.1 billion at September 30, 2018. The weighted average loan-to-value ratio for all unconsolidated co-investment ventures was 27.7% at September 30, 2018. Loan-to-value, a non-GAAP measure, was calculated as the percentage of total third-party debt to the gross book value of real estate for each venture and weighted based on the cumulative gross book value of all unconsolidated co-investment ventures. At September 30, 2018, we did not guarantee any third-party debt of the unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Contractual Obligations Dividend and Distribution Requirements Our dividend policy on our common stock is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow to ensure that we will meet the dividend requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, relative to maintaining our REIT status, while still allowing us to retain cash to fund capital improvements and other investment activities. Under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs may be subject to certain federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. We do not expect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, to modify our current distribution policy. 44 We paid a cash dividend of $0.48 per common share in the first three quarters of 2018. Our future common stock dividends, if and as declared, may vary and will be determined by the board of directors (“Board ”) upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition, operating results and REIT distribution requirements, and may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board during the year. We make distributions on the common limited partnership units outstanding at the same per unit amount as our common stock dividend. The Class A Units in Prologis, L.P. are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to $0.64665 per unit so long as the common units receive a quarterly distribution of at least $0.40 per unit. We paid a quarterly distribution of $0.64665 per Class A Unit in the first three quarters of 2018. At September 30, 2018, we had one series of preferred stock outstanding, the series Q. The annual dividend rate is 8.54% per share and dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. Pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock, we are restricted from declaring or paying any dividend with respect to our common stock unless and until all cumulative dividends with respect to the preferred stock have been paid and sufficient funds have been set aside for dividends that have been declared for the relevant dividend period with respect to the preferred stock. Other Commitments On a continuing basis, we are engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS/UNITHOLDERS (“FFO”) FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure that is commonly used in the real estate industry. The most directly comparable GAAP measure to FFO is net earnings. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as earnings computed under GAAP to exclude historical cost depreciation and gains and losses from the sales, along with impairment charges, of previously depreciated properties. We also exclude the gains on revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest and the gain recognized from a partial sale of our investment, as these are similar to gains from the sales of previously depreciated properties. We exclude similar adjustments from our unconsolidated entities and the third parties’ share of our consolidated co-investment ventures. Our FFO Measures Our FFO measures begin with NAREIT’s definition and we make certain adjustments to reflect our business and the way that management plans and executes our business strategy. While not infrequent or unusual, the additional items we adjust for in calculating FFO, as modified by Prologis, and Core FFO , both as defined below, are subject to significant fluctuations from period to period. Although these items may have a material impact on our operations and are reflected in our financial statements, the removal of the effects of these items allows us to better understand the core operating performance of our properties over the long term. These items have both positive and negative short-term effects on our results of operations in inconsistent and unpredictable directions that are not relevant to our long-term outlook. We calculate our FFO measures, as defined below, based on our proportionate ownership share of both our unconsolidated and consolidated ventures. We reflect our share of our FFO measures for unconsolidated ventures by applying our average ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. We reflect our share for consolidated ventures in which we do not own 100% of the equity by adjusting our FFO measures to remove the noncontrolling interests share of the applicable reconciling items based on our average ownership percentage for the applicable periods. These FFO measures are used by management as supplemental financial measures of operating performance and we believe that it is important that stockholders, potential investors and financial analysts understand the measures management uses. We do not use our FFO measures as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net earnings computed under GAAP, as indicators of our operating performance, as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under GAAP or as indicators of our ability to fund our cash needs. We analyze our operating performance principally by the rental revenues of our real estate and the revenues from our strategic capital business, net of operating, administrative and financing expenses. This income stream is not directly impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments in real estate or debt securities. 45 FFO, as modified by Prologis attributable to common stockholders/unitholders (“FFO, as modified by Prologis”) To arrive at FFO, as modified by Prologis , we adjust the NAREIT defined FFO measure to exclude the impact of foreign currency related items and deferred tax, specifically: We use FFO, as modified by Prologis , so that management, analysts and investors are able to evaluate our performance against other REITs that do not have similar operations or operations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. Core FFO attributable to common stockholders/unitholders (“Core FFO”) In addition to FFO, as modified by Prologis , we also use Core FFO. To arrive at Core FFO, we adjust FFO, as modified by Prologis , to exclude the following recurring and nonrecurring items that we recognized directly in FFO, as modified by Prologis : We use Core FFO , including by segment and region, to: (i) assess our operating performance as compared to other real estate companies; (ii) evaluate our performance and the performance of our properties in comparison with expected results and results of previous periods; (iii) evaluate the performance of our management; (iv) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources; (v) provide guidance to the financial markets to understand our expected operating performance; and (vi) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results. Limitations on the use of our FFO measures While we believe our modified FFO measures are important supplemental measures, neither NAREIT’s nor our measures of FFO should be used alone because they exclude significant economic components of net earnings computed under GAAP and are, therefore, limited as an analytical tool. Accordingly, these are only a few of the many measures we use when analyzing our business. Some of the limitations are: 46 We compensate for these limitations by using our FFO measures only in conjunction with net earnings computed under GAAP when making our decisions. This information should be read with our complete Consolidated Financial Statements prepared under GAAP. To assist investors in compensating for these limitations, we reconcile our modified FFO measures to our net earnings computed under GAAP for nine months ended September 30 as follows (in millions): ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to the impact of foreign exchange-related variability and earnings volatility on our foreign investments and interest rate changes. See our risk factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. See also Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 for more information about our derivative financial instruments. We monitor our market risk exposures using a sensitivity analysis. Our sensitivity analysis estimates the exposure to market risk sensitive instruments assuming a hypothetical 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates at September 30, 2018. The results of the sensitivity analysis are summarized in the following sections. The sensitivity analysis is of limited predictive value. As a result, revenues and expenses, as well as our ultimate realized gains or losses with respect to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during a future period, hedging strategies at the time and the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency exchange variability related to investments in and earnings from our foreign investments. Foreign currency market risk is the possibility that our results of operations or financial position could be better or worse than planned because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We primarily hedge our foreign currency risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we invest. Generally, we borrow in the functional currency of the consolidated subsidiaries but we also borrow in currencies other than the 47 U.S. dollar in Prologis , L.P. and may designate this borrowing as a nonderivative financial instrument. We may also hedge our foreign currency risk by designating derivative financial instruments as net investment hedges, as thes e amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments. At September 30, 2018, after consideration of our derivative and nonderivative financial instruments as discussed in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we had minimal net equity denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. Other foreign currency contracts, such as forwards, not designated as hedges reduce fluctuations in foreign currency associated with the translation of our projected net operating income of our international subsidiaries. We have British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen forward contracts, which were not designated as hedges, and have an aggregate notional amount of $554 million to mitigate risk associated with the translation of the projected earnings of our subsidiaries in Canada, Europe and Japan. A weakening of the U.S. dollar against these currencies by 10% would result in a $55 million negative change in our net income and cash flows on settlement of these contracts. Interest Rate Risk We also are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes on future earnings and cash flows. At September 30, 2018, we had $2.4 billion of variable rate debt outstanding, of which $1.6 billion was term loans, $463 million was senior notes, $236 million was credit facilities and $93 million was secured mortgage debt. At September 30, 2018, we had interest rate swap agreements to fix our floating rate euro senior notes issued in January 2018. On the basis of our sensitivity analysis, a 10% adverse change in interest rates based on our average outstanding variable rate debt balances not subject to interest rate swap agreements during the period would result in additional annual interest expense of $3 million, which equates to a change in interest rates of 18 basis points. ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures (The Parent) The Parent carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-14(c)) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) at September 30, 2018. On the basis of this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules and forms. Controls and Procedures (The OP) The OP carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-14(c)) under the Exchange Act at September 30, 2018. On the basis of this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings Prologis and our unconsolidated entities are party to a variety of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. With respect to any such matters to which we are currently a party, the ultimate disposition of any such matters will not result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors At September 30, 2018, the risk factors discussed under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and “Risk Factors” in Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 for Prologis, Inc., filed with the SEC on July 6, 2018, and any amendments thereto, continue to apply to our business. ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the quarter ended September 30, 2018, we did not issue shares of common stock of the Parent in connection with the redemption of common units of the OP. If issued, the shares of common stock would be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 48 ITEM 3. Defaul ts Upon Senior Securities None. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. ITEM 5. Other Information None. ITEM 6. Exhibits The exhibits required by this item are set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 49 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Certain of the following documents are filed herewith. Certain other of the following documents that have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and, pursuant to Rule 12-b-32, are incorporated herein by reference. 50 51 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: October 22, 2018 52