10-K 1 pld-10k_20181231.htm 10-K pld-10k_20181231.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 or For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission File Number: 001-13545 (Prologis, Inc.) 001-14245 (Prologis, L.P.) Prologis, Inc. Prologis, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (415) 394-9000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Prologis, Inc. – NONE Prologis, L.P. – NONE Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on the closing price of Prologis, Inc.’s common stock on June 30, 2018, the aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of Prologis, Inc. was $34,758,146,078. The number of shares of Prologis, Inc.’s common stock outstanding at February 11, 2019, was approximately 630,350,000. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of Part III of this report are incorporated by reference to the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of its stockholders or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Prologis, Inc.” or the “Parent” mean Prologis, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; and references to “Prologis, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” or the “OP” mean Prologis, L.P., and its consolidated subsidiaries. The terms “the Company,” “Prologis,” “we,” “our” or “us” means the Parent and the OP collectively. The Parent is a real estate investment trust (a “REIT”) and the general partner of the OP. At December 31, 2018, the Parent owned 97.09% common general partnership interest in the OP and 100% of the preferred units in the OP. The remaining 2.91% common limited partnership interests are owned by unaffiliated investors and certain current and former directors and officers of the Parent. We operate the Parent and the OP as one enterprise. The management of the Parent consists of the same members as the management of the OP. These members are officers of the Parent and employees of the OP or one of its subsidiaries. As sole general partner, the Parent has control of the OP through complete responsibility and discretion in the day-to-day management and therefore, consolidates the OP for financial reporting purposes. Because the only significant asset of the Parent is its investment in the OP, the assets and liabilities of the Parent and the OP are the same on their respective financial statements. We believe combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent and the OP into this single report results in the following benefits: It is important to understand the few differences between the Parent and the OP in the context of how we operate the Company. The Parent does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the OP and issuing public equity from time to time. The OP holds substantially all the assets of the business, directly or indirectly. The OP conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent, which are contributed to the OP in exchange for partnership units, the OP generates capital required by the business through the OP’s operations, incurrence of indebtedness and issuance of partnership units to third parties. The presentation of noncontrolling interests, stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and those of the OP. The differences in the presentations between stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital result from the differences in the equity and capital issuances in the Parent and in the OP. The preferred stock, common stock, additional paid-in capital, accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and distributions in excess of net earnings of the Parent are presented as stockholders’ equity in the Parent’s consolidated financial statements. These items represent the common and preferred general partnership interests held by the Parent in the OP and are presented as general partner’s capital within partners’ capital in the OP’s consolidated financial statements. The common limited partnership interests held by the limited partners in the OP are presented as noncontrolling interest within equity in the Parent’s consolidated financial statements and as limited partners’ capital within partners’ capital in the OP’s consolidated financial statements. To highlight the differences between the Parent and the OP, separate sections in this report, as applicable, individually discuss the Parent and the OP, including separate financial statements and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Parent and the OP, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of Prologis. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 The statements in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-lookin g statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate as well as management’s beliefs and assumptions. Such statements involve uncertainties that could significantly impact our financia l results. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” and “estimates” including variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which generally are not histori cal in nature. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future — including statements relating to rent and occupancy growth, development activity, contribution and disposition activity, general conditions in the geographic areas where we operate, our debt, capital structure and financial position, our ability to form new co-investment ventures and the availability of capital in existing or new co-investment ventures — are forwar d-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are bas ed on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained, and therefore actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may affect outcomes and results include, but are not limited to: (i) national, international, regional and local economic and political climates; (ii) changes in global financial markets, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; (iii) increased or unanticipated competition for our properties; (iv) risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions and development of properties; (v) maintenance of REIT status, tax structuring and changes in income tax laws and rates; (vi) availability of financing and capital, the levels of debt that we maintain and our credit ratings; (vii) risks related to our investments in our co-investment ventures, including our ability to establish new co-investment ventures; (viii) risks of doing business internationally, in cluding currency risks; (ix) environmental uncertainties, including risks of natural disasters; and (x) those additional factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements appearing i n this report except as may be required by law. PART I ITEM 1. Business Prologis, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed REIT and is the sole general partner of Prologis, L.P. through which it holds substantially all of its assets. We operate Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. as one enterprise and, therefore, our discuss ion and analysis refers to Prologis, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Prologis, L.P., collectively. We invest in real estate through wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities through which we co-invest with partners and investors. We have a significant ownership in the co-investment ventures, which may be consolidated or unconsolidated based on our level of control of the entity. Prologis, Inc. began operating as a fully integrated real estate company in 1997 and elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Internal Revenue Code”). We believe the current organization and method of operation will enable Prologis, Inc. to maintain its status as a REIT. Prologis, L.P. was also formed in 1997. We operate and evaluate our business on an owned and managed (“O&M”) basis, including properties that we wholly-own and properties that are owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We make decisions based on the property operations, regardless of our ownership interest. Our investment consists of our wholly-owned properties and our pro rata (or ownership) share of the properties owned in ventures. Our corporate headquarters is located at Pier 1, Bay 1, San Francisco, California 94111, and our other principal office locations are in Amsterdam, Denver, Luxembourg, Mexico City, Shanghai, Singapore and Tokyo. Our Internet address is www.prologis.com . All reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are available and can be accessed free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website. The common stock of Prologis, Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker “PLD” and is a component of the Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500. THE COMPANY Prologis is the global leader in logistics real estate with a focus on key markets in 19 countries on four continents. We own, manage and develop well-located, high-quality logistics facilities. Our local teams actively manage our portfolio, which encompasses leasing and property management, capital deployment and opportunistic dispositions allowing us to recycle capital to self-fund our development and acquisition activities. The majority of our properties in the United States (“U.S.”) are wholly owned, while our properties outside the U.S. are generally held in co-investment ventures, to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency movements. Our irreplaceable portfolio is focused on the world’s most vibrant markets where consumption and supply chain reconfiguration drive logistics demand. In the developed markets of the U.S., Europe and Japan, key demand drivers include the reconfiguration of supply chains (strongly influenced by e-commerce trends), the demand for sustainable design features and the operational efficiencies that can be realized from high-quality logistics facilities. In emerging markets, such as Brazil, China and Mexico, growing affluence and the rise of a new consumer class have increased the need for modern distribution networks. Our strategy is to own the highest-quality logistics property portfolio in each of our target markets. These markets are characterized by what is most important for the consumption side of a logistics supply chain — large population centers with proximity to labor pools, surrounded by highways, rail service or ports. Customers turn to us because they know an efficient supply chain will make their businesses succeed, and that a strategic relationship with Prologis will create a competitive advantage. 3 On August 22, 2 018, we acquired DCT Industrial Trust Inc. At acquisition, DCT Industrial Trust Inc. and DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP (“DCT,” collectively) merged into Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., respectively, which we refer to as the DCT Transaction. The DCT Transaction was valued at $8.5 billion consisting of the issuance of $6.6 billion of equity and the assu mption of $1.9 billion of debt, of which $1.8 billion was subsequently paid down. The DCT portfolio of logistics real es tate assets wa s highly complementary to our portfolio in terms of product quality, location and growth potential. The acquisition expanded our presence in the high growth U.S. markets of San Francisco Bay Area , Seattle , Southern Ca lifornia and South Florid a. As a result of the closely aligned portfolios and similar business strategies, we have integrated the properties while adding minimal property management expenses . Our results for 2018 include the DCT port folio from the date of acquisition . See Note 3 t o the Consolidate d Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information. At December 31, 2018, we owned or had investments in properties, on a wholly-owned basis or through ventures, in the following regions (dollars in billions, based on gross book value and total expected investment (as defined below) and square feet in millions): Throughout this discussion, we reflect amounts in U.S. dollars, our reporting currency. Included in these amounts are consolidated and unconsolidated investments denominated in foreign currencies, principally the British pound sterling, euro and Japanese yen that are impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates when translated to U.S. dollars. We mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations by investing outside the U.S. through co-investment ventures, borrowing in the functional currency of our consolidated subsidiaries and utilizing derivative financial instruments. OPERATING SEGMENTS Our business comprises two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. Below is information summarizing consolidated activity within our segments over the last three years (in millions): 4 Real Estate Operations Rental. Rental operations comprise the largest component of our operating segments and generally contribute 85% to 90% of our consolidated revenues, earnings and funds from operations (“FFO”). FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. We collect rent from our customers through long-term operating leases, including reimbursements for the majority of our property operating costs. We expect to generate long-term internal growth by increasing rents, maintaining high occupancy rates and controlling expenses. The primary driver of our revenue growth will be rolling in-place leases to current market rents coupled with increasing market rents. We believe our active portfolio management, combined with the skills of our property, leasing, maintenance, capital, energy, sustainability and risk management teams, will allow us to maximize rental revenues across our portfolio. A significant amount of our rental revenues, NOI and cash flows are generated in the U.S. Development. We develop properties to meet our customers’ needs, deepen our market presence and refresh our portfolio quality. We believe we have a competitive advantage due to (i) the strategic locations of our land bank; (ii) the development expertise of our local teams; and (iii) the depth of our customer relationships. Successful development and redevelopment efforts provide significant earnings growth as projects lease up and generate income and increase the net asset value of our Real Estate Operations segment. Based on our current estimates, our consolidated land bank, excluding land we have under option contracts, has the potential to support the development of $7.7 billion of TEI of new logistics space. Generally, we develop properties in the U.S. for long-term hold and outside the U.S. for contribution to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Strategic Capital Real estate is a capital-intensive business that requires new capital to grow. Our strategic capital business gives us access to third-party capital, both private and public, allowing us to diversify our sources of capital and providing us with a broad range of options to fund our growth, while reducing our exposure to foreign currency movements for investments outside of the U.S. We partner with some of the world’s largest institutional investors to grow our business and provide incremental revenues, with a focus on long-term and open-ended ventures. We also access alternative sources of equity through two publicly traded vehicles: Nippon Prologis REIT, Inc. in Japan and FIBRA Prologis in Mexico. We align our interests with those of our partners by holding significant ownership interests in all of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (ranging from 15% to 50%). This segment produces stable, long-term cash flows and generally contributes 10% to 15% of our consolidated revenues, earnings and FFO. We generate strategic capital revenues or fees from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, principally through asset and property management services. Substantially all of these revenues and fees are earned from long-term and open-ended ventures. We earn additional revenues by providing leasing, acquisition, construction, development, financing, legal and disposition services. In certain ventures, we also have the ability to earn revenues through incentive fees (“promotes” or “promote revenues”) periodically during the life of a venture or upon liquidation. We plan to profitably grow this business by increasing our assets under management in existing or new ventures. Most of the strategic capital revenues are generated outside the U.S. NOI in this segment is calculated directly from our Consolidated Financial Statements as Strategic Capital Revenues less Strategic Capital Expenses and excludes property-related NOI. FUTURE GROWTH We believe the quality and scale of our global portfolio, the expertise of our team, the depth of our customer relationships and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages to grow revenues, NOI, earnings, FFO and cash flows. 5 Competition Real estate ownership is generally fragmented, and we therefore face competition from many owners and operators. Competitively priced logistics space could impact our occupancy rates and have an adverse effect on how much rent we can charge, which in turn could affect our operating results. We may face competition regarding our capital deployment activities, including local, regional and national operators or developers. We also face competition from investment managers for institutional capital within our strategic capital business. Despite the competition we may face, our strategic focus over the years has given us distinct competitive advantages. These competitive advantages encompass the following: Customers Our broad customer base represents a spectrum of international, national, regional and local logistics users. At December 31, 2018, in our Real Estate Operations segment representing our consolidated properties, we had more than 3,000 customers occupying 356 million square feet of logistics operating properties. 6 The following table details our top 25 customers for our consolidated real estate properties at December 31, 2018 (square feet in millions): In our Strategic Capital segment, we view our partners and investors as our customers. At December 31, 2018, in our co-investment ventures, we partnered with approximately 120 investors, several of which invest in multiple ventures. Employees The following table summarizes our total number of employees at December 31, 2018: We allocate the employee costs to provide property management and leasing functions to our Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital segments based on the square footage of the respective portfolios. The employee costs to perform only Strategic Capital functions are allocated directly to that segment. We believe we have good relationships with our employees. Prologis employees are not organized under collective bargaining agreements, other than in Brazil, although some employees in Europe are represented by statutory Works Councils and as such, benefit from applicable labor agreements. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT We maintain a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applicable to our board of directors (the “Board”) and all of our officers and employees, including the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and the principal accounting officer, and other people 7 performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on our website, www.prologis.com . In addition to being accessible through our website, copies of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct can be obtai ned, free of charge, upon written request to Investor Relations, Pier 1, Bay 1, San Francisco, California 94111. Any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that apply to the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer, or other people performing similar functions, and that relate to any matter enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, will be disclosed on our website. ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP, SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND GOVERNANCE The principles of ESG are a natural fit in our business strategy. ESG creates value for our company by strengthening our relationships with our customers, investors, employees and the communities in which we do business — delivering a strategic business advantage while positively impacting the environment. We invest in sustainable design features and practices that result in cost-savings and operational efficiency for our customers and reduce energy and water consumption, as well as decrease greenhouse gas emissions across our portfolio and corporate operations. We are committed to social responsibility and strengthening relationships important to our business through customer partnerships, investor outreach, community involvement, labor solutions and inclusion and diversity initiatives, as well as a focus on our and our customers’ employees through health and wellness programs and building design. Through our community workforce initiative, for example, we partner with local community organizations to provide logistics training and help our customers with their labor pain points, while benefitting local economies and providing new career opportunities. Our strong governance and oversight ensures the resilience of our business, creating a culture of uncompromising integrity through our Board independence and diversity, open communication with our stockholders and a risk management framework that supports our investment and process decisions. Our approach is reinforced by our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as described above. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS We are exposed to various environmental risks that may result in unanticipated losses and affect our operating results and financial condition. Either the previous owners or we have conducted environmental reviews on a majority of the properties we have acquired, including land. While some of these assessments have led to further investigation and sampling, none of the environmental assessments have revealed an environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See further discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. INSURANCE COVERAGE We carry insurance coverage on our properties. We determine the type of coverage and the policy specifications and limits based on what we deem to be the risks associated with our ownership of properties and our business operations in specific markets. Such coverage typically includes property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from such perils as fire, windstorm, flood, earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance. Insurance is maintained through a combination of commercial insurance, self-insurance and a wholly-owned captive insurance entity. The costs to insure our properties are primarily covered through reimbursements from our customers. We believe our insurance coverage contains policy specifications and insured limits that are customary for similar properties, business activities and markets and we believe our properties are adequately insured. See further discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities. These risks relate to Prologis as well as our investments in consolidated and unconsolidated entities and include among others, (i) general risks; (ii) risks related to our business; (iii) risks related to financing and capital; and (iv) income tax risks. General Risks As a global company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries. We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the U.S. During 2018, we generated approximately $557 million or 19.8% of our revenues from operations outside the U.S. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect us include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 8 In addition, we may be impacted by the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. To the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may anticipate utilizing; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due; and (iv) the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Risks associated with our dependence on key personnel. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. From time to time, our personnel and their roles may change. While we believe that we are able to retain our key talent and find suitable employees to meet our personnel needs, the loss of key personnel, any change in their roles or the limitation of their availability could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain our executive officers, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain key employees become more expensive, our performance and competitive position could be materially adversely affected. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities. The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We hold significant real estate investments in international markets where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. At December 31, 2018, approximately $7.3 billion or 19.1% of our total consolidated assets were invested in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, principally the British pound sterling, euro and Japanese yen. For the year ended December 31, 2018, $509 million or 18.2% of our total 9 consolidated revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A signi ficant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our business and, specifically, our U.S. dollar reported financial position and results of operations. We attempt to mitigate our risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we have significant investments thereby providing a natural hedge. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments that we designate as net investment hedges, as these amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments. We enter into other foreign currency contracts, such as forwards, to reduce fluctuations in foreign currency cash flow associ ated with the translation of future earnings of our international subsidiaries. At December 31, 2018, after consideration of our derivative and nonderivative financial instruments, we had minimal net equity denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar . Although we attempt to mitigate the potential adverse effects of changes in foreign currency rates there can be no assurance that those attempts will be successful. Our hedging of foreign currency and interest rate risk may not effectively limit our exposure to other risks. Hedging arrangements involve risks, such as the risk of fluctuation in the relative value of the foreign currency or interest rates and the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. The funds required to settle such arrangements could be significant depending on the stability and movement of the hedged foreign currency or the size of the underlying financing and the applicable interest rates at the time of the breakage. The failure to hedge effectively against foreign exchange changes or interest rate changes may adversely affect our business. Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs. We are required to comply with many regulations in different countries, including (but not limited to) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws and regulations. Our properties are also subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act and state and local fire and life-safety requirements. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. While we believe that we are currently in material compliance with these regulatory requirements, the requirements may change or new requirements may be imposed that could require significant unanticipated expenditures by us. Risks Related to our Business Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors. Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. Significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage debt payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. As a REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable REIT subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of such property. We may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment to generate liquidity. If we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain from the sale, we may not pursue such sales. We may decide to sell properties to certain of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties to generate proceeds to fund our capital deployment activities. Our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by: (i) competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties; (ii) market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties; and (iii) other factors beyond our control. If our competitors sell assets similar to assets we intend to divest in the same markets or at valuations below our valuations for comparable assets, we may be unable to divest our assets at favorable pricing or at all. The unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties who might acquire our properties may need to have access to debt and equity capital, in the private and public markets, in order to acquire properties from us. Should they have limited or no access to capital on favorable terms, then dispositions could be delayed. If we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations, sales or contributions of properties or available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, divesting properties, whether or not they otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with new customers at lower rental rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing customers without an increase in rental rates. There can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available to us. Additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely affect our business, and in particular, our distributable cash flow and debt covenants. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. Our investments in real estate assets are concentrated in the logistics sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified. 10 General economic conditions and o ther events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated, may impact financial results. We are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. At December 31, 2018, 34.7% of our consolidated operating properties or $10.7 billion (based on consolidated gross book value, or investment before depreciation) were located in California (Central Valley, San Francisco Bay Area and Southern California markets), which represented 28.0% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 32.5% of our NOI. Our revenues from, and the value of, our properties located in California may be affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for logistics properties) and the local economic climate. Business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely impact California’s economic climate. Because of the investment we have located in California, a downturn in California’s economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our business. In addition to California, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3% of total consolidated investment before depreciation) in operating properties in certain markets located in Atlanta, Central and Eastern Pennsylvania, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, New Jersey/New York City, Seattle and South Florida. Of these markets, no single market contributed more than 10% of our total consolidated investment before depreciation. Our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. Conditions such as an oversupply of logistics space or a reduction in demand for logistics space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. Any material oversupply of logistics space or material reduction in demand for logistics space could adversely affect our overall business. Our O&M portfolio, which includes our wholly-owned properties and properties included in our co-investment ventures, has concentrations of properties in the same markets mentioned above, as well as in markets in France, Japan, Mexico and the U.K., and are subject to the economic conditions in those markets. A number of our investments, both wholly-owned and owned through co-investment ventures, are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity. U.S. properties located in active seismic areas include properties in our markets in California and Seattle. International properties located in active seismic areas include Japan and Mexico. We generally carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas historically subject to seismic activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. We evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants and in some specific instances have elected to self-insure our earthquake exposure based on this analysis. We have elected not to carry earthquake insurance for our assets in Japan based on this analysis. Furthermore, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to hurricane or flood risk. We carry hurricane and flood hazard insurance on all of our properties located in areas historically subject to such activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. We evaluate our insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants. Investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business. Investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. While we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. Factors that may affect real estate values and cash flows include: Our customers may be unable to meet their lease obligations or we may be unable to lease vacant space or renew leases or re-lease space on favorable terms as leases expire. Our operating results and distributable cash flow would be adversely affected if a significant number of our customers were unable to meet their lease obligations. At December 31, 2018, our top 10 customers totaled 15.1% of our NER. In the event of default by a significant number of customers, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord, and we may 11 be unable to re-lease spaces. A customer may experience a downturn in its business, which m ay cause the loss of the customer or may weaken its financial condition, resulting in the customer’s failure to make rental payments when due or requiring a restructuring that might reduce cash flow from the lease. In addition, a customer may seek the prot ection of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such customer’s lease and thereby cause a reduction in our available cash flow. We are also subject to the risk that, upon the expiration of leases they may not be renewed by existing customers, the space may not be re-leased to new customers or the terms of renewal or re-leasing (including the cost of required renovations or concessions to customers) may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. Our competitors may offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain customers when leases expire. We may acquire properties, which involves risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have acquired properties and will continue to acquire properties, both through the direct acquisition of real estate and through the acquisition of entities that own the real estate and through additional investments in co-investment ventures that acquire properties. The acquisition of properties involves risks, including the risk that the acquired property will not perform as anticipated and that any actual costs for rehabilitation, repositioning, renovation and improvements identified in the pre-acquisition due diligence process will exceed estimates. When we acquire properties, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. Additionally, there is, and it is expected there will continue to be, significant competition for properties that meet our investment criteria as well as risks associated with obtaining financing for acquisition activities. The acquired properties or entities may be subject to liabilities, which may be without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based on ownership of any of these entities or properties, then we may have to pay substantial sums to settle it. Our real estate development strategies may not be successful. Our real estate development strategy is focused on monetizing land in the future through development of logistics facilities to hold for long-term investment, contribution or sale to a co-investment venture or third party, depending on market conditions, our liquidity needs and other factors. We may increase our investment in the development, renovation and redevelopment business and we expect to complete the build-out and leasing of our current development portfolio. We may also develop, renovate and redevelop properties within existing or newly formed co-investment ventures. The real estate development, renovation and redevelopment business includes the following significant risks: We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures, attracting third-party investment and managing properties through co-investment ventures. At December 31, 2018, we had investments in real estate of approximately 406 million square feet held through co-investment ventures, both public and private. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in these 12 ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-inve stment ventures, or attract third-party investment or that additional investments in new or existing ventures to develop or acquire properties will be successful. Further, there can be no assurance that we are able to realize value from such investments. Our co-investment ventures involve certain additional risks that we do not otherwise face, including: We generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely. We have formed publicly traded investment vehicles, such as NPR and FIBRA Prologis, for which we serve as sponsor or manager. We have contributed, and may continue to contribute, assets into such vehicles. There is a risk that our managerial relationship may be terminated. We are exposed to various environmental risks, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner, developer or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of removal or remediation of such substances could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based on personal injury, property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination. Environmental laws in some countries, including the U.S., also require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. Some of our properties are known to contain asbestos-containing building materials. In addition, some of our properties are leased or have been leased, in part, to owners and operators of businesses that use, store or otherwise handle petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, creating a potential for the release of such hazardous or toxic substances. Furthermore, certain of our properties are on, adjacent to or near other properties that have contained or currently contain petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, or upon which others have engaged, are engaged or may engage in activities that may release such hazardous or toxic substances. From time to time, we may acquire properties, or interests in properties, with known adverse environmental conditions for which we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. In connection with certain divested properties, we have agreed to remain responsible for, and to bear the cost of, remediating or monitoring certain environmental conditions on the properties. We are exposed to the potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. We are also exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. Our logistics facilities may be exposed to rare catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms or floods. If the frequency of extreme weather events increases, our exposure to these events could increase. We do not currently consider ourselves to be exposed to regulatory risks related to climate change, as the operation of our buildings typically does not generate a significant amount of greenhouse gas emissions. However, we may be adversely impacted as a real estate developer in the future by potential impacts to the supply chain or stricter energy efficiency standards or greenhouse gas regulations for the commercial building sectors. We cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. The potential impacts of future climate change on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral. 13 Our insurance coverage does not include all potential losses. We and our unconsolidated co-investment ventures carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from certain perils such as fire and additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, namely windstorm, flood, earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance, as appropriate for the markets where each of our properties and business operations are located. The insurance coverage contains policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties, business activities and markets. We believe our properties and the properties of our co-investment ventures are adequately insured. Certain losses, however, including losses from floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, generally are not insured against or not fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the property. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds insured limits with respect to one or more of our properties or if the insurance companies fail to meet their coverage commitments to us in the event of an insured loss, then we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenues from those properties and, if there is recourse debt, then we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the properties. Any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Financing and Capital We may be unable to refinance our debt or our cash flow may be insufficient to make required debt payments. We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness, that such refinancing would be on terms as favorable as the terms of the maturing indebtedness, or that we will be able to otherwise obtain funds by selling assets or raising equity to make required payments on maturing indebtedness. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, our business and financial condition will be negatively impacted and, if the maturing debt is secured, the lender may foreclose on the property securing such indebtedness. Our credit facilities and certain other debt bears interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these agreements. Covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility and breaches of these covenants could adversely affect our financial condition. The terms of our various credit agreements, including our credit facilities, the indentures under which our senior notes and term loans are issued and other note agreements, require us to comply with a number of customary financial covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios, fixed charge ratios and other operating covenants including maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness. If we default under the covenant provisions and are unable to cure the default, refinance the indebtedness or meet payment obligations, our business and financial condition generally and, in particular, the amount of our distributable cash flow could be adversely affected. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity. The credit ratings of our senior notes and preferred stock are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative consequences under our credit facilities and other debt instruments. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity. At December 31, 2018, our credit ratings were A3 from Moody’s and A- from S&P, both with stable outlook. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. In order to meet REIT distribution requirements we may need access to external sources of capital. To qualify as a REIT, we are required each year to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and by excluding any net capital gain) to our stockholders and we may be subject to tax to the extent our taxable income is not fully distributed. Historically, we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, however, we may elect to pay a portion of the distribution in shares of our stock. Assuming we continue to satisfy these distribution requirements with cash, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs, including acquisition and development activities, from cash retained from operations and may have to rely on third-party sources of capital. Furthermore, to maintain our REIT status and not have to pay federal income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These short-term 14 borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion o f income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a numbe r of factors, including general market conditions, the market’s perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities. Our stockholders may experience dilution if we issue additional common stock or units in the OP. Any additional future issuance of common stock or OP units will reduce the percentage of our common stock and units owned by investors. In most circumstances, stockholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional common stock or units. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of any additional offering of our common stock or units and the value of the properties, our stockholders and unitholders may experience dilution in both book value and fair value of their common stock or units. Income Tax Risks The failure of Prologis, Inc. to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences. Prologis, Inc. elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 1997. We believe Prologis, Inc. has been organized and operated to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and believe that the current organization and method of operation comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code to enable Prologis, Inc. to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, it is possible that we are organized or have operated in a manner that would not allow Prologis, Inc. to qualify as a REIT, or that our future operations could cause Prologis, Inc. to fail to qualify. Qualification as a REIT requires us to satisfy numerous requirements (some annually and others on a quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex sections of the Internal Revenue Code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. For example, to qualify as a REIT, Prologis, Inc. must derive at least 95% of its gross income in any year from qualifying sources. In addition, Prologis, Inc. must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and by excluding capital gains) and must satisfy specified asset tests on a quarterly basis. Historically, we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, but we may choose to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, our own stock. For distributions with respect to taxable years that end on or before December 31, and in some cases declared as late as December 31, a REIT can satisfy up to 90% of the distribution requirements discussed above through the distribution of other property or shares of our stock if certain conditions are met . The provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and applicable Treasury regulations regarding qualification as a REIT are more complicated for Prologis, Inc. because we hold substantially all of our assets through the OP. If Prologis, Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be required to pay federal income tax (including, for taxable years prior to 2018, any applicable alternative minimum tax) on taxable income at regular corporate rates. Unless we are entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, Prologis, Inc. would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which it lost the qualification. If Prologis, Inc. lost its REIT status, our net earnings would be significantly reduced for each of the years involved. Furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary REITs that elected to be taxed as REITs under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. Provided that each subsidiary REIT qualifies as a REIT, our interest in such subsidiary REIT will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary REIT will generally be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the REIT 95% gross income test. To qualify as a REIT, the subsidiary REIT must independently satisfy all of the REIT qualification requirements. If such subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be treated as a regular taxable corporation and its income would be subject to U.S. federal income tax. In addition, a failure of the subsidiary REIT to qualify as a REIT would have an adverse effect on the ability of Prologis, Inc. to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus its ability to qualify as a REIT. Certain property transfers may generate prohibited transaction income, resulting in a penalty tax on gain attributable to the transaction. From time to time, we may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties, including by contributing properties to our co-investment ventures. Under the Internal Revenue Code, any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax. We do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property or our contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question of fact that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The Internal Revenue Service may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. While we believe that the Internal Revenue Service would not prevail in any such dispute, if the Internal Revenue Service were to argue successfully that a transfer, disposition or contribution of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT. 15 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect us. In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the U.S. and foreign income tax laws applicable to investments in real estate, REITs, similar entities and investments. Additional changes are likely to continue to occur in the future, both in and outside of the U.S. and may impact our taxation or that of our stockholders. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 2. Properties GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION We predominately invest in logistics facilities. Our properties are typically used for distribution, storage, packaging, assembly and light manufacturing of consumer products. The vast majority of our operating properties are used by our customers for bulk distribution. The following tables provide details of our consolidated operating properties, investment in land and development portfolio and our O&M portfolio. The O&M portfolio includes the properties we consolidate and the properties owned by our unconsolidated co-investment ventures reflected at 100% of the amount included in the ventures’ financial statements as calculated on a GAAP basis, not our proportionate share. 16 Included in the operating property information below for our consolidated operating properties are 395 buildings owned primarily by one co-investment venture that we consolidate but of which we own less than 100% of the equity. No individual property or market amounted to 10% or more of our consolidated total assets at December 31, 2018, or generated revenue equal to 10% or more of our consolidated total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, with the exception of the Southern California and New Jersey/New York City markets. Dollars and square feet in the following tables are in millions: 17 18 The following table summarizes our investment in consolidated real estate properties at December 31, 2018 (in millions): LEASE EXPIRATIONS We generally lease our properties on a long-term basis (the average term for leases commenced in 2018 was 64 months). The following table summarizes the lease expirations of our consolidated operating portfolio for leases in place at December 31, 2018 (dollars and square feet in millions): 19 CO-INVESTMENT VENTURES Included in our O&M portfolio are consolidated and unconsolidated co-investment ventures that hold investments in real estate properties, primarily logistics facilities that we also manage. Our unconsolidated co-investment ventures are accounted for under the equity method. The amounts included for the unconsolidated ventures are reflected at 100% of the amount included in the ventures’ financial statements as calculated on a GAAP basis, not our proportionate share. The following table summarizes our consolidated and unconsolidated co-investment ventures at December 31, 2018 (in millions): In January 2019, we formed Prologis Brazil Logistics Venture (“PBLV”), a Brazilian unconsolidated co-investment venture, with one partner. We contributed an initial portfolio of real estate properties to PBLV consisting of 14 operating properties totaling 7 million square feet and 371 acres of land. We received cash proceeds and units for our 20% equity interest. For more information regarding our unconsolidated and consolidated co-investment ventures, see Notes 5 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we and our co-investment ventures are parties to a variety of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We believe that, with respect to any such matters to which we are currently a party, the ultimate disposition of any such matter will not result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “PLD.” 20 Stock Performance Graph The following line graph compares the change in Prologis, Inc. cumulative total stockholder’s return on shares of its common stock from December 31, 2013, to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Stock Index and the Financial Times and Stock Exchange NAREIT Equity REITs Index from December 31, 2013, to December 31, 2018. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100 in our common stock and each of the indices on December 31, 2013, and, as required by the SEC, the reinvestment of all dividends. The return shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. This graph and the accompanying text are not “soliciting material,” are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had 1.4 million shares of the Series Q preferred stock with a liquidation preference of $50 per share that will be redeemable at our option on or after November 13, 2026. Dividends payable per share were $4.27 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. For more information regarding dividends, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES During 2018, we did not issue shares of common stock of Prologis, Inc. in connection with the redemption of common units of Prologis, L.P. If issued, the issuance of the shares of common stock would be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Notes 9 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 21 OTHER STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Common Stock Plans Further information relative to our equity compensation plans will be provided in our 2019 Proxy Statement or in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data The following table summarizes selected financial data related to our historical financial condition and results of operations for both Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. (in millions, except for per share and unit amounts): ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report and the matters described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. MANAGEMENT’S OVERVIEW Summary of 2018 During the year ended December 31, 2018, operating fundamentals remained strong for our O&M portfolio and we ended the year with occupancy of 97.5%. See below for the results of our two business segments and details of operating activity of our O&M portfolio. In 2018, we completed the following significant activities as further described in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements: 22 This debt activity resulted in extending our debt maturities to 76 months and lowering our effective interest rate to 2.7%, both on a weighted-average basis. In January 2019, we formed PBLV, a Brazilian unconsolidated co-investment venture, with one partner. We contributed an initial portfolio of real estate properties to PBLV consisting of 14 operating properties totaling 7 million square feet and 371 acres of land. We received cash proceeds and units for our 20% equity interest. We ended 2018 with vacancies at historic lows, strong customer and investor demand, leases signed with record long terms and a strong balance sheet. We have seen no signs of slowness based on our operating metrics and remain positive on our outlook. However, given the current market volatility caused by current trade and tariff disputes and uncertainty with regard to the withdrawal of the U.K. from the European Union, we will continue to be prudent in running our business. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We evaluate our business operations based on the NOI of our two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. NOI by segment is a non-GAAP financial measure that is calculated using revenues and expenses directly from our financial statements. We consider NOI by segment to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance because it helps management and investors understand our core operations. Below is a reconciliation of our NOI by segment to Operating Income per the Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions). Each segment’s NOI is reconciled to a line item in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the respective segment discussion below. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our segments and a reconciliation of each business segment’s NOI to Operating Income and Earnings Before Income Taxes. Real Estate Operations This operating segment principally includes rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses recognized from our consolidated properties. We allocate the costs of our property management and leasing functions to the Real Estate Operations segment through Rental Expenses and the Strategic Capital segment through Strategic Capital Expenses based on the square footage of the relative portfolios. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate continue to be strong, which has increased rents, kept occupancies high and fueled development activity. In addition, this segment is impacted by our development, acquisition and disposition activities. 23 Below are the components of Real Estate Operations revenues, expenses and NOI (in millions), derived directly from line items in the Cons olidated Financial Statements. The change in Real Estate Operations NOI during these periods was impacted by the following items (dollars in millions): Below are key operating metrics of our consolidated operating portfolio. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified certain definitions of our operating metrics to align methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. These changes were retroactively applied for all prior periods presented. 24 Development Start Activity The following table summarizes consolidated development starts (dollars and square feet in millions): Development Stabilization Activity The following table summarizes consolidated development stabilization activity (dollars and square feet in millions): At December 31, 2018, our development portfolio, including properties under development and prestabilized properties, was 50.8% leased and expected to be completed before July 2020. For additional information on our development portfolio at December 31, 2018, see Item 2. Properties. Capital Expenditures We capitalize costs incurred in renovating and improving our operating properties as part of the investment basis. The following graph summarizes our total capital expenditures and capital expenditures per average square foot of our consolidated operating properties during each year: Strategic Capital This operating segment includes revenues from asset and property management and other fees for services performed, as well as promote revenues earned from the unconsolidated ventures. Revenues associated with the Strategic Capital segment fluctuate because of changes in the number of real estate assets through acquisitions and dispositions and the fair value of the properties owned by the ventures, the transactional activity in the ventures, foreign currency exchange rates and the timing of promotes. These revenues are reduced generally by the direct costs associated with the asset and property-level management expenses for the properties owned by these ventures. We allocate the costs of our property management and leasing functions to the Strategic Capital segment through Strategic Capital Expenses and to the Real Estate Operations segment through Rental Expenses based on the square footage of the relative portfolios. 25 Below are the components of Strategic Capital revenues, expenses and NOI, derived directly from the line items in the Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions): Below is additional detail of our Strategic Capital revenues, expenses and NOI (in millions): The following real estate investments were held through our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on historical cost at December 31 (dollars and square feet in millions): See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. G&A Expenses G&A expenses were $239 million, $231 million and $222 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. G&A expenses increased marginally over the last three years due to inflationary increases and higher compensation expenses based on our performance. We capitalize certain internal costs directly related to our development and leasing activities. Capitalized G&A expenses primarily included salaries and related costs. The following table summarizes capitalized G&A amounts (in millions): Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses were $947 million, $879 million and $931 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 26 The following table highlights the key changes in depreciation and amortization ex penses during these periods ( dollars in millions ): Our O&M Operating Portfolio We manage our business and review our operating fundamentals on an O&M basis, which includes properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. We believe reviewing these fundamentals this way allows management to understand the entire impact to the financial statements, as it will affect both the Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital segments, as well as the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership. We do not control the unconsolidated co-investment ventures for purposes of GAAP and the presentation of the ventures’ operating information does not represent a legal claim. Our O&M operating portfolio does not include value-added properties or properties held for sale to third parties and was as follows at December 31 (square feet in millions): Below are the key operating metrics summarizing the leasing activity of our O&M operating portfolio. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified certain definitions of our operating metrics to align methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. These changes were retroactively applied for all prior periods presented. 27 Same Store Analysis Our same store metrics are non-GAAP financial measures, which are commonly used in the real estate industry and expected from the financial community, on both a net-effective and cash basis. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a “same store” analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, which allows us to analyze our ongoing business operations. We define our same store population for the three months ended December 31, 2018 as our O&M properties that were in the operating portfolio at January 1, 2017 and owned throughout the end of the same three-month period in both 2018 and 2017. The same store population excludes non-industrial real estate properties and properties held for sale to third parties, along with development properties that were not stabilized at the beginning of the period (January 1, 2017) and properties acquired or disposed of to third parties during the period. Beginning January 1, 2018, we modified our definition of same store to align on consistent methodologies with members of the industrial REIT group. This did not materially change our historical amounts reported. To derive an appropriate measure of period-to-period operating performance, we remove the effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements by using the reported period end exchange rate to translate from local currency into the U.S. dollar, for both periods. We believe the factors that affect rental revenues, rental recoveries, rental expenses and NOI in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for our consolidated portfolio. As same store is a non-GAAP financial measure, it has certain limitations as an analytical tool and may vary among real estate companies. As a result, we provide a reconciliation of rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses from our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with GAAP to same store property NOI. In addition, we further remove certain noncash items (straight-line rent adjustments and amortization of lease intangibles) included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP to reflect a cash same store number. To clearly label these metrics, they are categorized as same store portfolio NOI – net effective and same store portfolio NOI – cash. We evaluate the results of our same store portfolio on a quarterly basis. The following is a reconciliation of our consolidated rental revenues, rental recoveries, rental expenses and property NOI for each quarter in 2018 and 2017 to the full year, as included in the Consolidated Statements of Income and within Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and to the respective amounts in our same store portfolio analysis for the three months ended December 31 (dollars in millions): 28 Other Components of Income (Expense) Earnings from Unconsolidated Entities, Net We recognized net earnings from unconsolidated entities, which are accounted for using the equity method, of $298 million, $249 million and $206 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The earnings we recognize can be impacted by: (i) variances in revenues and expenses of each venture; (ii) the size and occupancy rate of the portfolio of properties owned by each venture; (iii) gains or losses from the dispositions of properties and extinguishment of debt; (iv) our ownership interest in each venture; and (v) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate our share of net earnings to U.S. dollars. See the discussion of our co-investment ventures above in the Strategic Capital segment discussion and in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further breakdown of our share of net earnings recognized. 29 Interest Expense The following table details our net interest expense (dollars in millions): Our overall debt increased by $1.7 billion from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018, primarily due to the acquisition of DCT on August 22, 2018. Subsequent to the acquisition of DCT, we paid down $1.8 billion of the assumed debt through the issuance of senior notes at significantly lower interest rates than the assumed debt. Gross interest expense decreased in 2018, from the same period in 2017, principally due to lower interest rates and average debt balances during the period. Gross interest expense decreased in 2017, from the same period in 2016, principally due to decreased secured mortgage debt as a result of the USLF contribution and pay downs, and lower interest rates due to the change in the composition of our senior notes. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section, for further discussion of our debt and borrowing costs. Gains on Real Estate Transactions, net During 2018, 2017 and 2016, we recognized gains on real estate transactions, net of $841 million, $1.2 billion and $757 million, respectively. We utilized the proceeds from both contributions and dispositions to fund our capital investments during the three-year period ended December 31, 2018. Over the last three years, we contributed properties, generally that we developed, to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, principally in Europe, Japan and Mexico. We also sold properties to third parties, primarily from our operating portfolio in the U.S. In 2017, we contributed a significant portfolio of operating properties to USLF. As of the year ended December 31, 2018, we completed our O&M disposition program of non-strategic assets that began in 2011. Through this program we generated approximately $14 billion in proceeds resulting in our O&M operating portfolio being focused on the highest-quality properties in the best markets. We expect to continue to develop and contribute properties to our co-investment ventures, depending on market conditions and other factors. Beginning January 1, 2018, under the new revenue recognition standard, as discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements we recognized the entire gain attributed to contributions of real estate properties to unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We previously recognized a gain to the extent of the third-party ownership in the unconsolidated co-investment ventures acquiring the property . For deferred gains from sales recorded prior to the adoption, we will continue to recognize these gains over the lives of the underlying real estate properties or at the time of disposition to a third party. See Notes 4 and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the gains we recognized. Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net The following table details our foreign currency and derivative gains (losses), net included in earnings (in millions): 30 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our foreign currency and derivative financial instrument policies and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our derivative and nonderivative transactions. Gains (Losses) on Early Extinguishment of Debt, Net In 2018, we recognized a loss of $2 million upon extinguishment of the $1.8 billion of debt assumed in the DCT Transaction. The loss represents the excess of the prepayment penalties of $49 million over the $47 million premium recorded upon assumption of this debt. We repurchased and redeemed portions of several series of senior notes, term loans and secured mortgage debt that resulted in the recognition of a $68 million loss in 2017 and a $2 million gain in 2016. Through these activities, over the last three years, we reduced our effective interest rate and lengthened the maturities of our debt. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section, for more information regarding our debt repurchases. Income Tax Expense We recognize income tax expense related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries and in the local, state and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Our current income tax expense fluctuates from period to period based primarily on the timing of our taxable income. Deferred income tax expense (benefit) is generally a function of the period’s temporary differences and the utilization of net operating losses generated in prior years that had been previously recognized as deferred income tax assets in taxable subsidiaries. The following table summarizes our income tax expense (benefit) (in millions): Our income taxes are discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests This amount represents the third-party investors’ share of the earnings generated in consolidated entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity, reduced by the third-party share of fees or promotes payable to us and earned during the period. We had net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests of $174 million, $109 million and $83 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Included in these amounts were $49 million, $45 million and $35 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of net earnings attributable to the common limited partnership unitholders of Prologis, L.P. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our noncontrolling interests. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our foreign currency and derivative financial instrument policies and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our derivative and nonderivative transactions and other comprehensive income (loss). ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS See Note 16 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about environmental liabilities. 31 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties and available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements. Near-Term Principal Cash Sources and Uses In addition to dividends and distributions, we expect our primary cash needs will consist of the following: We expect to fund our cash needs principally from the following sources (subject to market conditions): We may also generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions. 32 Debt The following table summarizes information about our consolidated debt by currency at December 31 (dollars in millions): We had the following significant consolidated debt activity during 2018, which resulted in extending our debt maturities and lowering our weighted average interest rate (principal in millions): At December 31, 2018, we had credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion, of which $3.4 billion was available for borrowing. In January 2019, we upsized our Global Facility to $3.5 billion with maturity in January 2023, bringing our total aggregate borrowing capacity to $4.0 billion. Our credit ratings at December 31, 2018, were A3 from Moody’s and A- from S&P, both with stable outlook. These ratings allow us to borrow at an advantageous rate. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. At December 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants. These covenants include customary financial covenants for total debt, encumbered debt and fixed charge coverage ratios. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our debt. Equity Commitments Related to Certain Co-Investment Ventures Certain co-investment ventures have equity commitments from us and our venture partners. Our venture partners fulfill their equity commitment with cash. We may fulfill our equity commitment through contributions of properties or cash. 33 The following table summarizes the remaining equity commitments at December 31, 2018 (in millions): As discussed above, in January 2019 we formed PBLV with one venture partner for total equity commitments of R$3.3 billion ($878 million). At closing, a majority of the initial commitments were satisfied through an acquisition of a portfolio of properties from us. See the Cash Flow Summary below for more information about our investment activity in the co-investment ventures. Cash Flow Summary The following table summarizes our cash flow activity (in millions): Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities, exclusive of changes in receivables and payables, was impacted by the following significant activities: Investing Activities Cash provided by investing activities is primarily driven by proceeds from contributions and dispositions of real estate properties. Cash used in investing activities is principally driven by our investments in real estate development, acquisitions and capital expenditures. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these activities. In addition, the following significant transactions also impacted our cash provided by or used in investing activities: 34 Financing Activities Cash provided by and used in financing activities is primarily driven by proceeds from and payments on credit facilities and other debt, along with dividends paid on common and preferred stock and noncontrolling interest contributions and distributions. The following significant transactions impacted our cash provided by or used in financing activities: 35 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Unconsolidated Co-Investment Venture Debt We had investments in and advances to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, at December 31, 2018, of $5.4 billion. The ventures listed below had total third-party debt of $8.1 billion at December 31, 2018. Certain of our ventures do not have third-party debt and are therefore excluded. This debt is non-recourse to Prologis and other investors in the co-investment ventures, matures and bears interest as follows at December 31, 2018 (dollars in millions): At December 31, 2018, we did not guarantee any third-party debt of the unconsolidated co-investment ventures. In our role as the manager or sponsor, we work with the co-investment ventures to maintain sufficient liquidity and refinance their maturing debt. There can be no assurance that the co-investment ventures will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness on terms as favorable as the maturing debt, or at all. If the ventures are unable to refinance the maturing indebtedness with newly issued debt, they may be able to obtain funds by voluntary capital contributions from us and our partners or by selling assets. Certain of our ventures also have credit facilities, or unencumbered properties, both of which may be used to obtain funds. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS Long-Term Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our long-term contractual obligations at December 31, 2018 (in millions): Distribution and Dividend Requirements Our dividend policy on our common stock is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow to ensure that we will meet the dividend requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, relative to maintaining our REIT status, while still allowing us to retain cash to fund capital improvements and other investment activities. Under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs may be subject to certain federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, did not modify our current distribution policy. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.48, $0.44 and $0.42 per common share in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our future common stock dividends, if and as declared, may vary and will be determined by the Board upon the circumstances prevailing at the 36 time, including our financial condition, operating results and REIT distribution requirements, and may be adju sted at the discretion of the Board during the year. We make distributions on the common limited partnership units outstanding at the same per unit amount as our common stock dividend. The Class A Units in the OP are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to $0.64665 per unit so long as the common units receive a quarterly distribution of at least $0.40 per unit. We paid a quarterly distribution of $0.64665 per Class A Unit in 2018, 2017 and 2016. At December 31, 2018, we had 1.4 million shares of Series Q preferred stock outstanding with a liquidation preference of $50 per share. The annual dividend rate is 8.54% per share and dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. Pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock, we are restricted from declaring or paying any dividend with respect to our common stock unless and until all cumulative dividends with respect to the preferred stock have been paid and sufficient funds have been set aside for dividends that have been declared for the relevant dividend period with respect to the preferred stock. Other Commitments On a continuing basis, we are engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES A critical accounting policy is one that involves an estimate or assumption that is subjective and requires judgment on the part of management about the effect of a matter that is inherently uncertain and is material to an entity’s financial condition and results of operations. Estimates are prepared using management’s best judgment, after considering past and current economic conditions and expectations for the future. Changes in estimates could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations that are used by stockholders, potential investors, industry analysts and lenders in their evaluation of our performance. Of the significant accounting policies discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, those presented below have been identified by us as meeting the criteria to be considered critical accounting policies. Refer to Note 2 for more information on these critical accounting policies. Acquisitions We generally account for an acquisition of a single property or portfolio of properties as an asset acquisition. We measure the real estate assets acquired through an asset acquisition based on their cost or total consideration exchanged and any excess consideration or bargain purchase amount is allocated to the real estate properties, excluding those identified as held for sale, on a relative fair value basis. We make estimates as part of our valuation of the assumed assets and liabilities at the acquisition date. The components of an acquisition typically include buildings, land, improvements, intangible assets or liabilities related to the acquired leases, debt, deferred tax liabilities and other assumed assets and liabilities. The purchase price allocation is based on the expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics of the markets where the property is located utilizing an income approach methodology, which may be a discounted cash flow analysis or applying a capitalization rate to the estimated NOI of a property. Key assumptions include market rents, growth rates, and discount and capitalization rates. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known trends and market and economic conditions. We determine discount and capitalization rates by market based on recent transactions and other market data. The fair value of land is generally based on relevant market data, such as a comparison of the subject site to similar parcels that have recently been sold or are currently being offered on the market for sale. The use of different assumptions to value the acquired properties and intangible assets and assumed liabilities could affect the future revenues and expenses we recognize over the estimated remaining useful life or lease term. Recoverability of Real Estate Assets We assess the carrying values of our respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of real estate assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. To review our real estate assets for recoverability, we consider current market conditions, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. Our intent with regard to the underlying assets might change as market conditions change. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, applying a capitalization rate to the estimated NOI of a property, quoted market values and third-party appraisals, where considered necessary. The use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with our estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of a property that we expect to hold is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the property. Assumptions and estimates used in the recoverability analyses for future cash flows, including market rents, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions or our intent with regard to our investment that occurs subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment. 37 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS/UNITHOLDERS FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure that is commonly used in the real estate industry. The most directly comparable GAAP measure to FFO is net earnings. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as earnings computed under GAAP to exclude historical cost depreciation and gains and losses from the sales, along with impairment charges, of previously depreciated properties. We also exclude the gains on revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest and the gain recognized from a partial sale of our investment, as these are similar to gains from the sales of previously depreciated properties. We exclude similar adjustments from our unconsolidated entities and the third parties’ share of our consolidated co-investment ventures. Our FFO Measures Our FFO measures begin with NAREIT’s definition and we make certain adjustments to reflect our business and the way that management plans and executes our business strategy. While not infrequent or unusual, the additional items we adjust for in calculating FFO, as modified by Prologis and Core FFO , both as defined below, are subject to significant fluctuations from period to period. Although these items may have a material impact on our operations and are reflected in our financial statements, the removal of the effects of these items allows us to better understand the core operating performance of our properties over the long term. These items have both positive and negative short-term effects on our results of operations in inconsistent and unpredictable directions that are not relevant to our long-term outlook. We calculate our FFO measures, as defined below, based on our proportionate ownership share of both our unconsolidated and consolidated ventures. We reflect our share of our FFO measures for unconsolidated ventures by applying our average ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. We reflect our share for consolidated ventures in which we do not own 100% of the equity by adjusting our FFO measures to remove the noncontrolling interests share of the applicable reconciling items based on our average ownership percentage for the applicable periods. These FFO measures are used by management as supplemental financial measures of operating performance and we believe that it is important that stockholders, potential investors and financial analysts understand the measures management uses. We do not use our FFO measures as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net earnings computed under GAAP, as indicators of our operating performance, as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under GAAP or as indicators of our ability to fund our cash needs. We analyze our operating performance principally by the rental revenues of our real estate and the revenues from our strategic capital business, net of operating, administrative and financing expenses. This income stream is not directly impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments in real estate or debt securities. FFO, as modified by Prologis attributable to common stockholders/unitholders (“FFO, as modified by Prologis”) To arrive at FFO, as modified by Prologis , we adjust the NAREIT defined FFO measure to exclude the impact of foreign currency related items and deferred tax, specifically: We use FFO, as modified by Prologis , so that management, analysts and investors are able to evaluate our performance against other REITs that do not have similar operations or operations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. Core FFO attributable to common stockholders/unitholders (“Core FFO”) In addition to FFO, as modified by Prologis , we also use Core FFO. To arrive at Core FFO, we adjust FFO, as modified by Prologis , to exclude the following recurring and nonrecurring items that we recognized directly in FFO, as modified by Prologis : 38 We use Core FFO , including by segment and region, to: (i) assess our operating performance as compared to other real estate companies; (ii) evaluate our performance and the performance of our properties in comparison with expected results and results of previous periods; (iii) evaluate the performance of our management; (iv) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources; (v) provide guidance to the financial markets to understand our expected operating performance; and (vi) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results. Limitations on the use of our FFO measures While we believe our modified FFO measures are important supplemental measures, neither NAREIT’s nor our measures of FFO should be used alone because they exclude significant economic components of net earnings computed under GAAP and are, therefore, limited as an analytical tool. Accordingly, these are only a few of the many measures we use when analyzing our business. Some of the limitations are: 39 We compensate for these limitations by using our FFO measures only in conjunction with net earnings computed under GAAP when making our decisions. This information should b e read with our complete Consolidated Financial Statements prepared under GAAP. To assist investors in compensating for these limitations, we reconcile our modified FFO measures to our net earnings computed under GAAP (in millions). ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to the impact of foreign exchange-related variability and earnings volatility on our foreign investments and interest rate changes. See our risk factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors, specifically: The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position and we may be unable to refinance our debt or our cash flow may be insufficient to make required debt payments. See also Notes 2 and 15 in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information about our foreign operations and derivative financial instruments. We monitor our market risk exposures using a sensitivity analysis. Our sensitivity analysis estimates the exposure to market risk sensitive instruments assuming a hypothetical 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates at December 31, 2018. The results of the sensitivity analysis are summarized in the following sections. The sensitivity analysis is of limited predictive value. As a result, revenues and expenses, as well as our ultimate realized gains or losses with respect to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during a future period, hedging strategies at the time and the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency exchange variability related to investments in and earnings from our foreign investments. Foreign currency market risk is the possibility that our results of operations or financial position could be better or worse than planned because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We primarily hedge our foreign currency risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we invest thereby providing a natural hedge. We may designate the debt as a nonderivative net investment hedge. We may also hedge our foreign currency risk by entering into derivative financial instruments that we designate as net investment hedges, as these amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments. At December 31, 2018, after consideration of our derivative and nonderivative financial instruments as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we had minimal net equity denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2018, $509 million or 18.2% of our total consolidated revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. We enter into other foreign currency contracts, such as forwards, to reduce fluctuations in foreign currency associated with the translation of the future earnings of our international subsidiaries. We have Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, euro and Japanese yen forward contracts, which were not designated as hedges, and have an aggregate notional amount of $669 million to mitigate risk associated with the translation of the future earnings of our subsidiaries denominated in these currencies. 40 A lthough the impact to net earnings is mitigated through higher trans lated U.S. dollar earnings from these currencies, a weakening of the U.S. dollar against these c urrencies by 10% c ould result in a $ 67 million cash payment on settlement of these contracts . Interest Rate Risk We are also exposed to the impact of interest rate changes on future earnings and cash flows. To mitigate that risk, we generally borrow with fixed rate debt and we may use derivative instruments to fix the interest rate on our variable rate debt. At December 31, 2018, $9.2 billion of our debt bore interest at fixed rates and therefore the fair value of these instruments is affected by changes in market interest rates. At December 31, 2018, $1.8 billion of our debt bore interest at variable rates. The following table summarizes the principal payments, including net premium and debt issuance costs, by maturity date at December 31, 2018 (in millions): At December 31, 2018, the weighted average effective interest rate on our variable rate debt was 1.8%. Changes in interest rates can cause interest expense to fluctuate on our variable rate debt. On the basis of our sensitivity analysis, a 10% increase in interest rates based on our average outstanding variable rate debt balances, not subject to interest rate swap agreements, would result in additional annual interest expense of $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, which equates to a change in interest rates of 19 basis points. ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Consolidated Balance Sheets of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. at December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Consolidated Statements of Income of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P., the Consolidated Statements of Equity of Prologis, Inc., the Consolidated Statements of Capital of Prologis, L.P. and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III — Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, together with the reports of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are included under Item 15 of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. Selected unaudited quarterly financial data are presented in Note 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures (The Parent) Prologis, Inc. carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)) at December 31, 2018. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Subsequent to December 31, 2018, there were no significant changes in the internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2018, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 41 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting was conducted at December 31, 2018, based on the criteria described in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that, at December 31, 2018, the internal control over financial reporting was effective. Our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2018, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Controls and Procedures (The OP) Prologis, L.P. carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) at December 31, 2018. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Subsequent to December 31, 2018, there were no significant changes in the internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2018, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting was conducted at December 31, 2018, based on the criteria described in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that, at December 31, 2018, the internal control over financial reporting was effective. Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. ITEM 9B. Other Information None. 42 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to, including relevant sections in our 2019 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance; Executive Officers; Executive Compensation; Director Compensation; Security Ownership; Equity Compensation Plans and Additional Information or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2019 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance; Executive Officers; Executive Compensation and Director Compensation or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2019 Proxy Statement, under the captions entitled Security Ownership and Equity Compensation Plans or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2019 Proxy Statement, under the caption entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant sections in our 2019 Proxy Statement, under the caption entitled Audit Matters or will be provided in an amendment filed on Form 10-K/A. PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules The following documents are filed as a part of this report: (a) Financial Statements and Schedules: 1. Financial Statements: See Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III on page 44 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule III — Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes or is not applicable. (b) Exhibits: The Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Index to the Exhibits on pages 94 to 100 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Financial Statements: See Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule III on page 44 of this report, which is incorporated by reference. ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary Not Applicable. 43 INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE III 44 REP ORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Prologis, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prologis, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 13, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. Denver, Colorado February 13, 2019 45 REPORT OF INDEP ENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners Prologis, L.P.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prologis, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. Denver, Colorado February 13, 2019 46 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Prologis, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Prologis, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 13, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado February 13, 2019 47 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share data) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 48 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands, except per share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 49 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED ST ATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 50 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 51 PROLOGIS, INC. CONSOLI DATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) See Note 18 for information on noncash investing and financing activities and other information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 52 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLI DATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 53 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOL IDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands, except per unit amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 54 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 55 PROLOGIS, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL (In thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 56 PROLOGIS, L.P CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) See Note 18 for information on noncash investing and financing activities and other information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 57 PROLOGIS, INC. AND PROLOGIS, L.P. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS Prologis, Inc. (or the “Parent”) commenced operations as a fully integrated real estate company in 1997, elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), and believes the current organization and method of operation will enable it to maintain its status as a REIT. The Parent is the general partner of Prologis, L.P. (or the “Operating Partnership” or “OP”). Through the OP, we are engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development and management of logistics facilities with a focus on key markets in 19 countries on four continents. We invest in real estate through wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities through which we co-invest with partners and investors. We maintain a significant level of ownership in these co-investment ventures, which may be consolidated or unconsolidated based on our level of control of the entity. Our current business strategy consists of two operating business segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. Our Real Estate Operations segment represents the ownership and development of logistics properties. Our Strategic Capital segment represents the management of unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other unconsolidated entities. See Note 17 for further discussion of our business segments. Unless otherwise indicated, the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to both the Parent and the OP. The terms “the Company,” “Prologis,” “we,” “our” or “us” means the Parent and OP collectively. For each share of preferred or common stock the Parent issues, the OP issues a corresponding preferred or common partnership unit, as applicable, to the Parent in exchange for the contribution of the proceeds from the stock issuance. At December 31, 2018, the Parent owned a 97.09% common general partnership interest in the OP and 100% of the preferred units in the OP. The remaining 2.91% common limited partnership interests, which include 8.8 million Class A common limited partnership units (“Class A Units”) in the OP, are owned by unaffiliated investors and certain current and former directors and officers of the Parent. Each partner’s percentage interest in the OP is determined based on the number of OP units held, including the number of OP units into which Class A Units are convertible, compared to total OP units outstanding at each period end and is used as the basis for the allocation of net income or loss to each partner. At the end of each reporting period, a capital adjustment is made in the OP to reflect the appropriate ownership interest for each of the common unitholders. These adjustments are reflected in the line items Reallocation of Equity in the Consolidated Statements of Equity of the Parent and Reallocation of Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Capital of the OP. As the sole general partner of the OP, the Parent has complete responsibility and discretion in the day-to-day management and control of the OP and we operate the Parent and the OP as one enterprise. The management of the Parent consists of the same members as the management of the OP. These members are officers of the Parent and employees of the OP or one of its subsidiaries. As general partner with control of the OP, the Parent is the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidates the OP. Because the Parent’s only significant asset is its investment in the OP, the assets and liabilities of the Parent and the OP are the same on their respective financial statements. Information with respect to the square footage, number of buildings and acres of land is unaudited. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with United States (“U.S.”) generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and are presented in our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. All material intercompany transactions with consolidated entities have been eliminated. Consolidation. We consolidate all entities that are wholly owned and those in which we own less than 100% of the equity but control, as well as any variable interest entities (“VIEs”) in which we are the primary beneficiary. We evaluate our ability to control an entity and whether the entity is a VIE and we are the primary beneficiary through consideration of substantive terms of the arrangement to identify which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impacts the entity’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits from the entity. For entities that are not defined as VIEs, we first consider whether we are the general partner or the limited partner (or the equivalent in such investments that are not structured as partnerships). We consolidate entities in which we are the general partner and the limited partners in such entities that do not have rights that would preclude control. For entities in which we are the general partner but do not control the entity as the other partners hold substantive participating or kick-out rights, we apply the equity method of accounting since, as the general partner, we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the venture. For ventures for which we are a limited partner or our investment is in an entity that is not structured similar to a partnership, we consider factors such as ownership interest, voting control, authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners. In instances where the factors indicate that we have a controlling financial interest in the venture, we consolidate the entity. Reclassifications. Certain amounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements for 2016 have been reclassified to conform to the 2018 financial statement presentation. Use of Estimates. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we made are reasonable and appropriate, as discussed in the applicable 58 sections throughout the Consolidate d Financial Statements, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported results. Foreign Operations. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for our consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated entities operating in the U.S. and Mexico and certain of our consolidated subsidiaries that operate as holding companies for foreign investments. The functional currency for our consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated entities operating in other countries is the principal currency in which the entity’s assets, liabilities, income and expenses are denominated, which may be different from the local currency of the country of incorporation or where the entity conducts its operations. The functional currencies of entities outside of the U.S. and Mexico generally include the Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, euro, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar. We take part in business transactions denominated in these and other local currencies where we operate. For our consolidated subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, we translate their financial statements into the U.S. dollar at the time we consolidate those subsidiaries’ financial statements. Generally, assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting translation adjustments are included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (“ AOCI/L ”) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain balance sheet items, primarily equity and capital-related accounts, are reflected at the historical exchange rate. Income statement accounts are translated using the average exchange rate for the period and income statement accounts that represent significant nonrecurring transactions are translated at the rate in effect at the date of the transaction. We translate our share of the net income or loss of our unconsolidated entities at the average exchange rate for the period and significant nonrecurring transactions of the unconsolidated entities are translated at the rate in effect at the date of the transaction. We and certain of our consolidated subsidiaries have intercompany and third-party debt that is not denominated in the entity’s functional currency. When the debt is remeasured against the functional currency of the entity, a gain or loss can result. The resulting adjustment is reflected in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, unless it is intercompany debt that is deemed to be long-term in nature and then the adjustment is reflected as a cumulative translation adjustment in AOCI/L . Acquisitions. We apply a screen test to evaluate if substantially all the fair value of the acquired property is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets to determine whether a transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition or business combination. As most of our real estate acquisitions are concentrated in either a single or a group of similar identifiable assets, our real estate transactions are generally accounted for as asset acquisitions, which permits the capitalization of transaction costs to the basis of the acquired property. The transaction costs related to the formation of equity method investments are also capitalized. For acquisitions prior to January 1, 2017 and those subsequently accounted for as a business combination, transaction costs were expensed as incurred. For asset acquisitions, the purchase price is allocated to the various components acquired, including an allocation to the individual buildings, land and lease intangibles on a relative fair value basis. Other monetary assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including debt, are recorded at fair value. Purchase price allocations for a business combination are recorded at fair value. When we obtain control of an unconsolidated entity and the acquisition qualifies as a business combination, we account for the acquisition in accordance with the guidance for a business combination achieved in stages. We remeasure our previously held interest in the unconsolidated entity at its acquisition-date fair value and recognize any resulting gain or loss in earnings. We allocate the purchase price using primarily Level 2 and Level 3 inputs (further defined in Fair Value Measurements below) as follows: Investments in Real Estate Properties. We value operating properties as if vacant. We estimate fair value by applying an income approach methodology using either a discounted cash flow analysis or applying a capitalization rate to the estimated NOI of a property. Key assumptions include market rents, growth rates, and discount and capitalization rates. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known trends and market and economic conditions. We determine the discount or capitalization rate by market based on recent transactions and other market data. The fair value of land is generally based on relevant market data, such as a comparison of the subject site to similar parcels that have recently been sold or are currently being offered on the market for sale. Lease Intangibles . We determine the portion of the purchase price related to intangible assets and liabilities as follows: 59 Debt . We estimate the fair value of debt based on contractual future cash flows discounted using borrowing spreads and market interest rates that would be available to us for the issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. In the case of publicly traded debt, we estimate the fair value based on available market data. Any discount or premium to the principal amount is included in the carrying value and amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the related debt using the effective interest method. Noncontrolling Interests . We estimate the portion of the fair value of the net assets owned by third parties based on the fair value of the consolidated net assets, principally real estate properties and debt. Working Capital . We estimate the fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities on the best information available. Fair Value Measurements. The objective of fair value is to determine the price that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price). We estimate fair value using available market information and valuation methodologies we believe to be appropriate for these purposes. Considerable judgment and a high degree of subjectivity are involved in developing these estimates and, accordingly, they are not necessarily indicative of amounts that we would realize on disposition. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels: Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis. We estimate the fair value of our financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies we believe to be appropriate for these purposes. We determine the fair value of our derivative financial instruments using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates and implied volatilities. We determine the fair values of our interest rate swaps using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts or payments and the discounted expected variable cash payments. We base the variable cash payments on an expectation of future interest rates, or forward curves, derived from observable market interest rate curves. We base the fair values of our net investment hedges on the change in the spot rate at the end of the period as compared with the strike price at inception. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect nonperformance risk for us and the respective counterparty in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we consider the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts and guarantees. We have determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Although the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties, we assess the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions and have determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of our derivatives. Fair Value Measurements on a Nonrecurring Basis. Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis generally consist of real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities that were subject to impairment charges related to our change of intent to sell the investments and through our recoverability analysis discussed below. We estimate fair value based on expected sales prices in the market (Level 2) or by applying the income approach methodology using a discounted cash flow analysis (Level 3). Fair Value of Financial Instruments. We estimate the fair value of our senior notes for disclosure purposes based on quoted market prices for the same (Level 1) or similar (Level 2) issues when current quoted market prices are available. We estimate the fair value of our credit facilities, term loans, secured mortgage debt and assessment bonds by discounting the future cash flows using rates and borrowing spreads currently available to us (Level 3). Real Estate Assets. Real estate assets are carried at depreciated cost. We capitalize costs incurred in developing, renovating, rehabilitating and improving real estate assets as part of the investment basis. We expense costs for repairs and maintenance as incurred. Depreciation and Amortization. We charge the depreciable portions of real estate assets to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives. Depreciation on development buildings commences when the asset is ready for its intended use, which we define as the earlier of stabilization (90% occupied) or one year after completion of construction. We generally use the following useful lives: 5 to 7 years for capital improvements, 10 years for standard tenant improvements, 25 years for depreciable land improvements, 30 years for operating properties acquired and 40 years for operating properties we develop. We depreciate building improvements on land parcels subject to ground leases over the shorter of the estimated building improvement life 60 or the contractual term of the underlying ground lease. Capitalized leasing costs are amortiz ed over the estimated remaining lease term. Our weighted ave rage lease term on leases commenced during 2018, based on square feet for all leases, was 64 months. Capitalization of Costs. During the land development and construction periods of qualifying projects, we capitalize interest costs, insurance, real estate taxes and general and administrative costs of the personnel performing the development, renovation and rehabilitation; if such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to ready the asset for its intended use. We capitalize transaction costs related to the acquisition of land for future development and operating properties that qualify as asset acquisitions. We capitalize costs incurred to successfully originate a lease that result directly from and are essential to acquire that lease, including internal costs that are incremental and identifiable as leasing activities. Leasing costs that meet the requirements for capitalization are presented as a component of Other Assets and all other capitalized costs are included in the investment basis of the real estate assets. Beginning January 1, 2019, we will no longer capitalize internal leasing costs. Recoverability of Real Estate Assets. We assess the carrying values of our respective real estate assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. We measure the recoverability of the asset by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of the real estate property is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate property. We estimate the future undiscounted cash flows and fair value based on our intent as follows: Assets Held for Sale or Contribution. We classify a property as held for sale or contribution when certain criteria are met in accordance with GAAP. Assets classified as held for sale are expected to be sold to a third party and assets classified as held for contribution are newly developed assets we intend to contribute to an unconsolidated co-investment venture or to a third party within twelve months. At such time, the respective assets and liabilities are presented separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and depreciation is no longer recognized. Assets held for sale or contribution are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or their estimated fair value less the costs to sell. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities. We present our investments in certain entities under the equity method. We use the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the venture but do not have control of the entity. Under the equity method, we initially recognize these investments (including advances) in the balance sheet at our cost, including formation costs and net of deferred gains from the contribution of properties, if applicable. We subsequently adjust the accounts to reflect our proportionate share of net earnings or losses recognized and accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, distributions received, contributions made and certain other adjustments, as appropriate. When circumstances indicate there may have been a reduction in the value of an equity investment, we evaluate whether the loss in value is other than temporary. If we conclude it is other than temporary, we recognize an impairment charge to reflect the equity investment at fair value. With regard to distributions from unconsolidated entities, we have elected the nature of distribution approach as the information is available to us to determine the nature of the underlying activity that generated the distributions. In accordance with the nature of distribution approach, cash flows generated from the operations of an unconsolidated entity are classified as a return on investment (cash inflow from operating activities) and cash flows that are generated from property sales, debt refinancing or sales of our investments are classified as a return of investment (cash inflow from investing activities). Cash and Cash Equivalents. We consider all cash on hand, demand deposits with financial institutions and short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Our cash and cash equivalents are financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk. We invest our cash with high-credit quality institutions. Cash balances may be invested in money market accounts that are not insured. We have not realized any losses in such cash investments or accounts and believe that we are not exposed to any significant credit risk. Derivative Financial Instruments. We primarily hedge our foreign currency risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we invest. Generally, we borrow in the functional currency of our consolidated subsidiaries. We may use derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk related to both our foreign investments and the related earnings. In addition, we occasionally use interest rate swap and forward contracts to manage interest rate risk and limit the impact of future interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, primarily with variable-rate debt. 61 We do not use derivative finan cial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Each derivative transaction is customized and not exchange-traded. We recognize all derivatives at fair value within the line items Other Assets or Other Liabilities . We do not net our derivative positi on by counterparty for purposes of balance sheet presentation and disclosure. Management reviews our derivative positions, overall risk management strategy and hedging program, on a regular basis. We only enter into transactions that we believe will be hig hly effective at offsetting the underlying risk. Our use of derivatives involves the risk that counterparties may default on a derivative contract; therefore we: (i) establish exposure limits for each counterparty to minimize this risk and provide counterp arty diversification; (ii) contract with counterparties that have long-term credit ratings of single-A or better; (iii) enter into master agreements that generally allow for netting of certain exposures; thereby significantly reducing the actual loss that would be incurred should a counterparty fail to perform its contractual obligations; and (iv) set minimum credit standards that become more stringent as the duration of the derivative financial instrument increases. Based on these factors, we consider the risk of counterparty default to be minimal. Designated Derivatives. We may choose to designate our derivative financial instruments, generally foreign currency forwards as net investment hedges in foreign operations or interest rate swaps or foreign currency forwards as cash flow hedges. At inception of the transaction, we formally designate and document the derivative financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure, the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. We formally assess both at inception and at least quarterly thereafter, the effectiveness of our hedging transactions. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures hedged, fluctuations in the value of the derivative financial instruments will generally be offset by changes in the cash flows or fair values of the underlying exposures being hedged. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges in foreign operations and cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI/L . For net investment hedges, these amounts offset the translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of our foreign investments, which we also record in AOCI/L . The ineffective portion of a derivative financial instrument's change in fair value, if any, is immediately recognized in earnings within the line item Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For cash flow hedges, we report the effective portion of the gain or loss as a component of AOCI/ L and reclassify it to the applicable line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income, generally Interest Expense , over the corresponding period of the underlying hedged item. The ineffective portion of a derivative financial instrument’s change in fair value is recognized in earnings, generally Interest Expense , at the time the ineffectiveness occurred. To the extent the hedged debt related to our interest rate swaps and forwards is paid off early, we write off the remaining balance in AOCI/L and recognize the amount in Interest Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition to the net investment hedges described above, we may issue debt in a currency that is not the same functional currency of the borrowing entity to hedge our international investments. We designate the debt and related accrued interest as a nonderivative net investment hedge to offset the translation and economic exposures related to our international investments. If the debt and related accrued interest exceeds the designated amount of our international investment, the foreign currency remeasurement on the unhedged portion of the debt during the period is recognized in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net. Undesignated Derivatives. We also use derivatives, such as foreign currency forwards and option contracts, that are not designated as hedges to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our results of operations. The changes in fair values of these derivatives that were not designated or did not qualify as hedging instruments are immediately recognized in earnings within the line item Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. These gains or losses are generally offset by lower or higher earnings as a result in exchange rates that were different than our expectations. In addition, we may choose to not designate our interest rate swap and forward contracts. If a swap or forward contract is not designated as a hedge, the changes in fair value of these instruments is immediately recognized in earnings within the line item Interest Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income . Noncontrolling Interests. Noncontrolling interests represent the share of consolidated entities owned by third parties. We recognize each noncontrolling holder’s respective share of the estimated fair value of the net assets at the date of formation or acquisition. Noncontrolling interests are subsequently adjusted for the noncontrolling holder’s share of additional contributions, distributions and their share of the net earnings or losses of each respective consolidated entity. We allocate net income to noncontrolling interests based on the weighted average ownership interest during the period. The net income that is not attributable to us is reflected in the line item Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests . We do not recognize a gain or loss on transactions with a consolidated entity in which we do not own 100% of the equity, but we reflect the difference in cash received or paid from the noncontrolling interests carrying amount as additional paid-in-capital. Certain limited partnership interests, including OP units, are exchangeable into our common stock. Common stock issued upon exchange of a holder’s noncontrolling interest is accounted for at the carrying value of the surrendered limited partnership interest and the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the common stock issued is recorded to additional paid-in-capital. Revenue Recognition. Rental Revenues and Recoveries. We lease our operating properties to customers under agreements that are classified as operating leases. We recognize the total minimum lease payments provided for under the leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Generally, under the terms of our leases, the majority of our rental expenses are recovered from our customers. We reflect amounts recovered from customers as revenues in the period that the applicable expenses are incurred. We make a provision for possible loss if the collection of a receivable balance is considered doubtful. 62 Strategic Capital Revenues. Strategic capital revenues include revenues we ear n from the management services we provide to unconsolidated entities. These fees are determined in accordance with the terms specific to each arrangement and may include recurring fees such as property and asset management fees or transactional fees for le asing, acquisition, development, construction, financing, legal and tax services provided. We recognize these fees as we provide the services or on a cost basis for development fees. We may also earn incentive returns (“promotes” or “promote revenues”) based on a venture’s cumulative returns over a certain time-period and the returns are determined by both the operating performance and real estate valuation of the venture, including highly variable inputs such as capitalization rates, market rents, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. As these key inputs are highly volatile and out of our control, and such volatility can materially impact our promotes period over period, we recognize promote revenues at or near the end of the performance period. We include the third-party investors’ share of promotes in Strategic Capital Revenues. We also earn fees from ventures that we consolidate. Upon consolidation, these fees are eliminated from our earnings and the third-party share of these fees are recognized as a reduction of Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests. Development Management and Other Revenues. Development management and other revenues principally include development and construction management fees recognized as we provide the services or on a cost basis. Gains on Real Estate Transactions, Net. We recognize gains on the disposition of real estate when the recognition criteria have been met, generally at the time the risks and rewards and title have transferred and we no longer have substantial continuing involvement with the real estate sold. We recognize losses from the disposition of real estate when known. We recognize gains or losses on the remeasurement of equity investments to fair value upon acquisition of a controlling interest in any of our previously unconsolidated entities and the transaction is considered the acquisition of a business. Adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance on January 1, 2018 did not impact our recognition of sales to third parties. Beginning January 1, 2018, we recognize the entire gain attributed to contributions of real estate properties to unconsolidated entities. We previously recognized a gain on contribution only to the extent of the third-party ownership in the unconsolidated entity acquiring the property and deferred the portion of the gain related to our ownership through a reduction to our investment in the applicable unconsolidated entity. We adjusted our proportionate share of net earnings or losses recognized in future periods to reflect the entities’ recorded depreciation expense as if it were computed on our lower basis in the contributed properties rather than on the entity’s basis. For deferred gains from partial sales recorded prior to the adoption, we will continue to recognize these gains over the lives of the underlying real estate properties or at the time of disposition to a third party. If our ownership interest in an unconsolidated entity decreases and the decrease is expected to be permanent, we recognize the amounts relating to previously deferred gains to coincide with our new ownership interest. Rental Expenses. Rental expenses principally include the cost of our property management personnel, utilities, repairs and maintenance, property insurance, real estate taxes and the other costs of managing the properties. Strategic Capital Expenses. Strategic capital expenses generally include the direct expenses associated with the asset management of the unconsolidated co-investment ventures provided by our employees who are assigned to our Strategic Capital segment and the costs of our Prologis Promote Plan based on earned promotes. In addition, in order to achieve efficiencies and economies of scale, all of our property management functions are provided by property management personnel who are assigned to our Real Estate Operations segment. These individuals perform the property-level management of the properties in our owned and managed portfolio, which include properties we consolidate and those we manage that are owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We allocate the costs of our property management to the properties we consolidate (included in Rental Expenses ) and the properties owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures (included in Strategic Capital Expenses ) by using the square feet owned by the respective portfolios. Equity-Based Compensation. We account for equity-based compensation by measuring the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the fair value of the award on the grant date. We recognize the cost of the award on a straight-line basis over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, generally the vesting period. Income Taxes. Under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs are generally not required to pay federal income taxes if they distribute 100% of their taxable income and meet certain income, asset and stockholder tests. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any alternative minimum tax) and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. Even as a REIT, we may be subject to certain foreign, state and local taxes on our own income and property, and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. We have elected taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”) status for some of our consolidated subsidiaries. This allows us to provide services that would otherwise be considered impermissible for REITs. Many of the foreign countries in which we have operations do not recognize REITs or do not accord REIT status under their respective tax laws to our entities that operate in their jurisdiction. In the U.S., we are taxed in certain states in which we operate. Accordingly, we recognize income tax expense for the federal and state income taxes incurred by our TRSs, taxes incurred in certain states and foreign jurisdictions, and interest and penalties associated with our unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. 63 We evaluate tax positions taken in the Consolidated Financial Statements under the interpretation for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. As a result of this evaluation, we may recognize a tax benef it from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities. We recognize deferred income taxes in certain taxable entities. For federal income tax purposes, certain acquisitions have been treated as tax-free transactions resulting in a carry-over basis in assets and liabilities. For financial reporting purposes and in accordance with purchase accounting, we record all of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities at the estimated fair value at the date of acquisition, as discussed above. For our taxable subsidiaries, including certain international jurisdictions, we recognize the deferred income tax liabilities that represent the tax effect of the difference between the tax basis carried over and the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets at the date of acquisition. Any subsequent increases or decreases to the deferred income tax liability recorded in connection with these acquisitions, are reflected in earnings. If taxable income is generated in these subsidiaries, we recognize a benefit in earnings as a result of the reversal of the deferred income tax liability previously recorded at the acquisition date and we record current income tax expense representing the entire current income tax liability. If the reversal of the deferred income tax liability results from a sale or contribution of assets, the classification of the reversal to the Consolidated Statements of Income is based on the taxability of the transaction. We record the reversal to deferred income tax benefit as a taxable transaction if we dispose of the asset. We record the reversal as Gains on Real Estate Transactions, Net as a non-taxable transaction if we dispose of the entity that owns the asset. Deferred income tax expense is generally a function of the period’s temporary differences (items that are treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes) and the utilization of tax net operating losses (“NOL”) generated in prior years that had been previously recognized as deferred income tax assets. We provide for a valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets if we believe all or some portion of the deferred income tax asset may not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances that causes a change in the estimated ability to realize the related deferred income tax asset is included in deferred tax expense. Environmental Costs. We incur certain environmental remediation costs, including cleanup costs, consulting fees for environmental studies and investigations, monitoring costs, and legal costs relating to cleanup, litigation defense, and the pursuit of responsible third parties. We expense costs incurred in connection with operating properties and properties previously sold. We capitalize costs related to undeveloped land as development costs and include any expected future environmental liabilities at the time of acquisition. We maintain a liability for the estimated costs of environmental remediation expected to be incurred in connection with undeveloped land, operating properties and properties previously sold that we adjust as appropriate as information becomes available. New Accounting Pronouncements. New Accounting Standards Adopted Revenue Recognition . In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an accounting standard update (“ASU”) that requires companies to use a five-step model to determine when to recognize revenue from customer contracts in an effort to increase consistency and comparability throughout global capital markets and across industries. In February 2017, the FASB issued an additional ASU that provides the accounting treatment for gains and losses from the derecognition of non-financial assets, including the accounting for partial sales of real estate properties. We adopted the revenue recognition and derecognition of non-financial assets standard, collectively the “new revenue recognition standard,” on January 1, 2018, on a modified retrospective basis. Rental revenues and recoveries earned from leasing our operating properties are excluded from this ASU and will be assessed with the adoption of the lease ASU discussed below. Our evaluation under the new revenue recognition standard included recurring and transactional fees and promotes earned from our co-investment ventures as well as dispositions and contributions of real estate properties. There is no change in our recognition of recurring and transactional fees as we will continue to recognize these fees as we provide the services. As discussed above in our policy on Strategic Capital Revenues , promote revenues are recognized at or near the end of the performance period. For dispositions of real estate properties to third parties, the ASU did not impact the recognition of the sale. Beginning January 1, 2018, we recognized the entire gain attributed to contributions of real estate properties to unconsolidated entities. We adopted the practical expedient to only assess the recognition of revenue for open contracts during the transition period and there was no adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at January 1, 2018. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for that period. New Accounting Standards Issued but not yet Adopted Leases. In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that provides the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. In July 2018, the FASB issued an additional ASU that provided for targeted improvements to the February 2016 ASU. We refer to both ASUs collectively as the “new lease standard.” 64 The new lease standard provides lessors a practical expedient to not separate rental recovery revenue from the associated rental revenue if certain criteria are met. We assessed these criteria and concluded that the timing and pattern of transfer for rental recoveries and the associated rental revenue are the same and our leases will continue to qualify as operating leases under which we will recognize rental revenue, and therefore we will account for and present rental revenue and rental recovery revenue as a single component. We adopted the lease standard on January 1, 2019 and applied it prospectively. We elected the practical expedients available for implementation and we will not be required to reassess the following and therefore we do not expect an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings: (i) whether an expired or existing contract meets the definition of a lease; (ii) the lease classification at the adoption date for existing leases; and (iii) whether costs previously capitalized as initial direct costs would continue to be amortized. This allows us to continue to account for our ground and office space leases as operating leases, however, any new or renewed ground leases may be classified as financing leases unless they meet certain conditions to be considered a lease involving land owned by a government unit or authority. The new lease standard will also require new disclosures within Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019. Derivatives and Hedging . In August 2017, the FASB issued an ASU that simplifies the application of hedge accounting guidance in current GAAP and improves the reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity’s risk management activities in its consolidated financial statements. Among the simplification updates, the ASU eliminates the requirement in current GAAP to separately recognize periodic hedge ineffectiveness. Mismatches between the changes in value of the hedged item and hedging instrument may still occur but they will no longer be separately reported. The ASU requires the presentation of the earnings effect of the hedging instrument in the same income statement line item in which the earnings effect of the hedged item is reported. We adopted the ASU on January 1, 2019 on a modified retrospective basis and do not expect an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. NOTE 3. DCT TRANSACTION On August 22, 2018, DCT Industrial Trust Inc. (“DCT Inc.”) merged with and into Prologis, Inc., with Prologis, Inc. surviving the merger (the “Company Merger”) and immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP (“DCT OP”) merged with and into Prologis, L.P., with Prologis, L.P. surviving the merger (the “Partnership Merger” and, together with the Company Merger, the “DCT Transaction”). The term “DCT” means DCT Inc. and DCT OP collectively. The DCT Transaction was completed for $8.5 billion through the issuance of equity based on the closing price of Prologis’ common stock on August 21, 2018 and the assumption of debt. In connection with the transaction, each issued and outstanding share or unit held by a DCT stockholder or unitholder was converted automatically into 1.02 shares of Prologis common stock or common units of Prologis, L.P., respectively, including shares and units under DCT’s equity incentive plan that became fully vested at closing. Through the DCT Transaction, we acquired a portfolio of logistics real estate assets that consisted of 408 operating properties, aggregating 68.0 million square feet, 10 properties under development, aggregating 2.8 million square feet and 305 acres of land parcels with build-out potential of 4.5 million square feet. The aggregate equity consideration of approximately $6.6 billion is calculated below (in millions, except price per share): We accounted for the DCT Transaction as an asset acquisition and as a result the transaction costs of $50.0 million were capitalized to the basis of the acquired properties. Transaction costs include investment banker advisory fees, legal fees and other costs. 65 Under acquisition accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to the DCT net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as follows (in millions ): NOTE 4. REAL ESTATE Investments in real estate properties consisted of the following at December 31 (dollars and square feet in thousands): At December 31, 2018, we owned real estate assets in the U.S. and other Americas (Brazil, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Belgium, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”)) and Asia (China, Japan and Singapore). Acquisitions The following table summarizes our real estate acquisition activity, excluding the DCT Transaction (as discussed in Note 3), for the years ended December 31 (dollars and square feet in thousands): 66 Dispositions The following table summarizes our gains on real estate transactions, net for the years ended December 31 (dollars and square feet in thousands): Operating Lease Agreements We lease our operating properties and certain land parcels to customers under agreements that are generally classified as operating leases. Our weighted average lease term remaining, based on square feet for all leases in effect at December 31, 2018, was 52 months. The following table summarizes our minimum lease payments on leases with lease periods greater than one year for space in our operating properties, prestabilized development properties and leases of land subject to ground leases at December 31, 2018 (in thousands): These amounts do not reflect future rental revenues from the renewal or replacement of existing leases and exclude reimbursements of operating expenses and rental increases that are not fixed. 67 Lease Commitments We have entered into operating ground leases as a lessee on certain land parcels, principally on-tarmac facilities and office space with remaining lease terms of 1 to 90 years. The following table summarizes our future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases in effect at December 31, 2018 (in thousands): Due to the new lease standard that is effective January 1, 2019, as a lessee we are required to record a ROU asset and lease liability for our ground and office space leases that we expect to approximate the present value of our future minimum rental payments at December 31, 2018. See Note 2 for more information on the new lease standard. NOTE 5. UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES Summary of Investments We have investments in entities through a variety of ventures. We co-invest in entities that own multiple properties with partners and investors and we provide asset and property management services to these entities, which we refer to as co-investment ventures. These entities may be consolidated or unconsolidated, depending on the structure, our partner’s participation and other rights and our level of control of the entity. This note details our investments in unconsolidated co-investment ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are related parties. See Note 11 for more detail regarding our consolidated investments that are not wholly owned. We also have other ventures, generally with one partner and that we do not manage, which we account for using the equity method. We refer to our investments in all entities accounted for using the equity method, both unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures, collectively, as unconsolidated entities. The following table summarizes our investments in and advances to our unconsolidated entities at December 31 (in thousands): Unconsolidated Co-Investment Ventures The following table summarizes our investments in the individual co-investment ventures at December 31 (dollars in thousands): 68 At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had receivables from NPR of $122.0 million and $106.2 million, respectively, related to customer security deposits that originated through a leasing company owned by us that pertain to properties previously contributed to NPR. We have a corresponding payable to NPR’s customers in Other Liabilities . These amounts are repaid to us as the leases turn over. In January 2019, we formed Prologis Brazil Logistics Venture (“PBLV”), a Brazilian unconsolidated co-investment venture, with one partner. We contributed an initial portfolio of real estate properties to PBLV consisting of 14 operating properties totaling 6.9 million square feet and 371 acres of land. We received cash proceeds and units for our 20% equity interest. The amounts recognized in Strategic Capital Revenues and Earnings from Unconsolidated Entities, Net depend on the size and operations of the unconsolidated co-investment ventures, the timing of revenues earned through promotes and transactional fees, as well as fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ownership interest. We recognized Strategic Capital Expenses for direct costs associated with the asset management of these ventures and allocated property-level management costs for the properties owned by the ventures. The following table summarizes the Strategic Capital Revenues we recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (in thousands): The following table summarizes the key property information, financial position and operating information of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures (not our proportionate share) and the amounts we recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements related to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures at December 31 and for the years ended December 31 (dollars and square feet in millions): 69 Equity Commitments Related to Certain Unconsolidated Co-Investment Ventures Certain unconsolidated co-investment ventures have equity commitments from us and our venture partners. Our venture partners fulfill their equity commitment with cash. We may fulfill our equity commitment through contributions of properties or cash. The equity contributions are generally used for the acquisition or development of properties but may be used for the repayment of debt or other general uses. The venture may obtain financing for the acquisition of properties and therefore the acquisition price of additional investments that the venture could make may be more than the equity commitment. Depending on market conditions, the investment objectives of the ventures, our liquidity needs and other factors, we may make additional contributions of properties or additional cash investments in these ventures through the remaining commitment period. At December 31, 2018, our remaining equity commitments were $242.0 million, primarily for Prologis China Logistics Venture. The equity commitments expire from 2020 to 2024. NOTE 6. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE OR CONTRIBUTION We had investments in certain real estate properties that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale or contribution at December 31, 2018 and 2017. At the time of classification, these properties were expected to be sold to third parties or were recently developed and expected to be contributed to unconsolidated co-investment ventures within twelve months. The amounts included in Assets Held for Sale or Contribution represented real estate investment balances and the related assets and liabilities for each property. Assets held for sale or contribution consisted of the following at December 31 (dollars and square feet in thousands): NOTE 7 . OTHER ASSETS AND OTHER LIABILITIES The following table summarizes our other assets, net of amortization and depreciation, if applicable, at December 31 (in thousands): 70 The following table summarizes our other liabilities, net of amortization, if applicable, at December 31 (in thousands): The acquired lease intangibles from the DCT Transaction were amortized over the terms of the respective leases with a weighted average remaining lease term of 44 months. The following table summarizes the expected future amortization of leasing commissions and forgone rent (included in acquired lease intangibles) into amortization expense and above and below market leases (included in acquired lease intangibles) and rent leveling net assets into rental revenues, all based on the balances at December 31, 2018 (in thousands): NOTE 8 . DEBT All debt is incurred by the OP or its consolidated subsidiaries. The following table summarizes our debt at December 31 (dollars in thousands): 71 Credit Facilities We have a global senior credit facility (the “Global Facility”), under which we may draw in British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, euro, Japanese yen and U.S. dollars on a revolving basis up to $3.0 billion (subject to currency fluctuations). Pricing under the Global Facility, including the spread over LIBOR, facility fees and letter of credit fees, varies based on the public debt ratings of the OP. The Global Facility was scheduled to mature in April 2020. In January 2019, we upsized our Global Facility to draw in British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, euro, Japanese yen, Mexican pesos and U.S. dollars on a revolving basis up to $3.5 billion (subject to currency fluctuations). The upsized Global Facility is scheduled to mature in January 2023; however, we may extend the maturity date for six months on two occasions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of extension fees. We have the ability to increase the Global Facility to $4.5 billion, subject to currency fluctuations and obtaining additional lender commitments. We also have a Japanese yen revolver (the “Revolver”) with availability of ¥50.0 billion ($454.9 million at December 31, 2018). We have the ability to increase the Revolver to ¥65.0 billion ($591.4 million at December 31, 2018), subject to obtaining additional lender commitments. Pricing under the Revolver, including the spread over LIBOR, facility fees and letter of credit fees, varies based on the public debt ratings of the OP. The Revolver is scheduled to mature in February 2021; however, we may extend the maturity date for one year, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and payment of extension fees. We refer to the Global Facility and the Revolver, collectively, as our “Credit Facilities.” The following table summarizes information about our Credit Facilities (dollars in millions): Senior Notes The senior notes are unsecured and our obligations are effectively subordinated in certain respects to any of our debt that is secured by a lien on real property, to the extent of the value of such real property. The senior notes require interest payments be made quarterly, semi-annually or annually. All of the senior notes are redeemable at any time at our option, subject to certain prepayment penalties. Such repurchase and other terms are governed by the provisions of indenture agreements, various note purchase agreements or trust deeds. The following table summarizes the issuances of senior notes during 2018 (principal in thousands): 72 We issued senior notes as described above principally to pay down $1.8 billion of debt assumed in the DCT Transaction and other debt, as well as for capital improvements to properties and general corporate purposes. Term Loans The following table summarizes our outstanding term loans at December 31 (dollars and borrowing currency in thousands): Long-Term Debt Maturities Principal payments due on our debt, for each year through the period ended December 31, 2023, and thereafter were as follows at December 31, 2018 (in thousands): 73 Interest Expense The following table summarizes the components of interest expense for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): Early Extinguishment of Debt Over the last three years, we repurchased or repaid certain debt before the maturity date in an effort to reduce our borrowing costs and extend our debt maturities. As a result, we recognized gains or losses represented by the difference between the recorded debt (including premiums and discounts and related debt issuance costs) and the consideration we paid to retire the debt, including fees. Fees associated with the restructuring of debt that meets the modification criteria, along with existing unamortized premium or discount and debt issuance costs, are amortized over the term of the new debt. We recognized a net loss in 2018 (excluding the payoff of $1.8 billion of debt assumed in the DCT Transaction, discussed above) and 2017 of $0.4 million and $68.4 million, respectively, and a gain in 2016 of $2.5 million. The following table summarizes the activity related to the repurchase of debt and net loss on early extinguishment of debt for 2017 (in millions): Financial Debt Covenants We have $8.3 billion of senior notes and $1.9 billion of term loans outstanding at December 31, 2018 that were subject to certain financial covenants under their related indentures. We are also subject to financial covenants under our Credit Facilities and certain secured mortgage debt. At December 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants. Guarantee of Finance Subsidiary Debt In 2018, we formed finance subsidiaries as part of our operations in Europe (Prologis Euro Finance LLC), Japan (Prologis Yen Finance LLC) and the U.K. (Prologis Sterling Finance LLC). These entities are 100% indirectly owned by the OP and all unsecured debt issued or to be issued by each entity is or will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the OP. There are no restrictions or limits on the OP’s ability to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. In reliance on Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, the separate financial statements of Prologis Euro Finance LLC, Prologis Yen Finance LLC and Prologis Sterling Finance LLC are not provided. NOTE 9 . STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF PROLOGIS, INC. Shares Authorized At December 31, 2018, 1.1 billion shares were authorized to be issued by the Parent, of which 1.0 billion shares represent common stock. Our board of directors (the “Board”) may, without stockholder approval, classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our stock from time to time by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of such shares. 74 Common Stock On August 22, 2018, we issued 96.2 million common shares in the DCT Transaction. See Note 3 for more detail on the transaction. We did not issue any shares of common stock under our at-the-market program during 2018, 2017 and 2016. We have an equity distribution agreement that allows us to sell up to $750 million aggregate gross sales proceeds of shares of common stock, of which $535.2 million remains available for sale, through six designated agents, who earn a fee of up to 2% of the gross proceeds, as agreed to on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, certain of our employees and outside directors are able to participate in equity-based compensation plans. See Note 12 for additional information on equity-based compensation plans. Preferred Stock At December 31, 2018 and 2017 our Series Q preferred stock outstanding had a dividend rate of 8.54%, and will be redeemable at our option on or after November 13, 2026. Holders have, subject to certain conditions, limited voting rights and all holders are entitled to receive cumulative preferential dividends based on liquidation preference. The dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each quarter. Dividends are payable when, and if, they have been declared by the Board, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Ownership Restrictions For us to qualify as a REIT, five or fewer individuals may not own more than 50% of the value of our outstanding stock at any time during the last half of our taxable year. Therefore, our charter restricts beneficial ownership (or ownership generally attributed to a person under the REIT rules), by a person, or persons acting as a group, of issued and outstanding common and preferred stock that would cause that person to own or be deemed to own more than 9.8% (by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our issued and outstanding capital stock. Furthermore, subject to certain exceptions, no person shall at any time directly or indirectly acquire ownership of more than 25% of any of the preferred stock. These provisions assist us in protecting and preserving our REIT status and protect the interests of stockholders in takeover transactions by preventing the acquisition of a substantial block of outstanding shares of stock. Shares of stock owned by a person or group of people in excess of these limits are subject to redemption by us. The provision does not apply where a majority of the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, waives such limit after determining that our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes will not be jeopardized. Dividends To comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, we are generally required to make common and preferred stock dividends (other than capital gain distributions) to our stockholders in amounts that together at least equal (i) the sum of (a) 90% of our “REIT taxable income” computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains and (b) 90% of the net income (after tax), if any, from foreclosure property, minus (ii) certain excess noncash income. Our common stock distribution policy is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow that ensures that we will meet the distribution requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and that allows us to also retain cash to meet other needs, such as capital improvements and other investment activities. Our tax return for the year ended December 31, 2018 has not been filed. The taxability information presented for our dividends paid in 2018 is based on management’s estimate. Our tax returns for open tax years have not been examined by the Internal Revenue Service, other than those discussed in Note 13. Consequently, the taxability of dividends is subject to change. In 2018, 2017 and 2016, we paid all of our dividends in cash. The following summarizes the taxability of our common and preferred stock dividends for the years ended December 31: 75 Common stock dividends are characterized for federal income tax purposes as ordinary income, qualified dividend, capital gains, non-taxable return of capital or a combination of the four. Common stock dividen ds that exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits (calculated for tax purposes) constitute a return of capital rather than a dividend and generally reduce the stockholder’s basis in the common stock. To the extent that a dividend exceeds both current and accumulated earnings and profits and the stockholder’s basis in the common stock, it will generally be treated as a gain from the sale or exchange of that stockholder’s common stock. At the beginning of each year, we notify our stockholders of the taxability of the common stock dividends paid during the preceding year. Pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock, we are restricted from declaring or paying any dividend with respect to our common stock unless and until all cumulative dividends with respect to the preferred stock have been paid and sufficient funds have been set aside for dividends that have been declared for the relevant dividend period with respect to the preferred stock. NOTE 10 . PARTNERS’ CAPITAL OF PROLOGIS, L.P. Distributions paid on the common limited partnership units, and the taxability of those distributions, are similar to dividends paid on the Parent’s common stock disclosed above. On August 22, 2018, we issued 3.6 million common limited partnership units in the OP in the DCT Transaction. See Note 3 for more detail on the transaction. We issued Class A Units in the OP through an acquisition of a portfolio of properties in 2015. The Class A Units generally have the same rights as the existing common limited partnership units of the OP, except that the Class A Units are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to $0.64665 per unit so long as the common limited partnership units receive a quarterly distribution of at least $0.40 per unit (in the event the common limited partnership units receive a quarterly distribution of less than $0.40 per unit, the Class A Unit distribution would be reduced by a proportionate amount). Class A Units are convertible into common limited partnership units at an initial conversion rate of one-for-one. The conversion rate will be increased or decreased to the extent that, at the time of conversion, the net present value of the distributions paid with respect to the Class A Units are less or more than the distributions paid on common limited partnership units from the time of issuance of the Class A Units until the time of conversion. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Class A Units were convertible into 8.4 million and 8.5 million common limited partnership units. The OP may redeem the Class A Units at any time after October 7, 2025, for an amount in cash equal to the then-current number of the common limited partnership units into which the Class A Units are convertible, multiplied by $43.11, subject to the holders’ right to convert the Class A Units into common limited partnership units. Dividends paid to the Class A Units were $2.58660 annually during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. NOTE 11 . NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS Prologis, L.P. We report noncontrolling interests related to several entities we consolidate but of which we do not own 100% of the equity. These entities include two real estate partnerships that have issued limited partnership units to third parties. Depending on the specific partnership agreements, these limited partnership units are redeemable for cash or, at our option, into shares of the Parent’s common stock, generally at a rate of one share of common stock to one unit. We also consolidate certain entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity but the equity of these entities is not exchangeable into our common stock. As discussed in Note 1, the Parent has complete responsibility, power and discretion in the day-to-day management of the OP. The Parent, through its majority interest, has the right to receive benefits from and incur losses of the OP. In addition, the OP does not have either substantive liquidation rights or substantive kick-out rights without cause or substantive participating rights that could be exercised by a simple majority of noncontrolling interests. The absence of such rights renders the OP as a VIE. Accordingly, the Parent is the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidates the OP. Prologis, Inc. The noncontrolling interests of the Parent include the noncontrolling interests presented above for the OP, as well as the limited partnership units in the OP that are not owned by the Parent. The outstanding limited partnership units receive quarterly cash distributions equal to the quarterly dividends paid on our common stock pursuant to the terms of the applicable partnership agreements. The following table summarizes our ownership percentages and noncontrolling interests and the consolidated entities’ total assets and total liabilities at December 31 (dollars in thousands): 76 NOTE 12 . LONG-TERM COMPENSATION The 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2012 LTIP”) provides for grants of awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Parent or its subsidiaries. Awards can be in the form of: full value awards, stock appreciation rights, stock options (non-qualified options and incentive stock options) and cash incentive awards. Full value awards generally consist of: (i) common stock; (ii) restricted stock units (“RSUs”); (iii) OP LTIP units (“LTIP Units”) and (iv) Prologis Outperformance Plan (“POP”) OP LTIP units (“POP LTIP Units”). The awards under the 2012 LTIP have been issued under the following components of our equity-based compensation plans and programs at December 31, 2018: (i) POP; (ii) Prologis Promote Plan (“PPP”); (iii) annual long-term incentive (“LTI”) equity award program (“Annual LTI Award”); and (iv) annual bonus exchange program. Under all of these components, certain employees may elect to receive their equity award payout either in the form of RSUs or other equity of the Parent or LTIP Units of the OP. No participant can be granted more than 1.5 million shares of common stock under the 2012 LTIP in any one calendar year. Awards may be made under the 2012 LTIP until it is terminated by the Board or until the ten-year anniversary of the effective date of the plan. We have 27.2 million shares reserved for issuance, of which 15.9 million shares of common stock were available for future issuance at December 31, 2018. Each LTIP Unit counts as one share of common stock for purposes of calculating the limit on shares that may be issued. Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Programs Prologis Outperformance Plan (“POP”) We allocate participation points to participants under our POP corresponding to three-year performance periods beginning January 1. The fair value of the awards is measured at the grant date and amortized over the period from the grant date to the date at which the awards would become vested. The performance hurdle (the “Outperformance Hurdle”) at the end of the initial three-year performance period requires our three-year compound annualized total stockholder return (“TSR”) to exceed a threshold set at the three-year compound annualized TSR for the Morgan Stanley Capital International (“MSCI”) US REIT Index for the same period plus 100 basis points (“Index”). If the Outperformance Hurdle is met, a compensation pool will be formed equal to 3.0% of the excess value created, subject to a maximum as described by performance period below. POP awards cannot be paid at a time when our absolute TSR is negative. If after seven years our absolute TSR has not become positive, the awards will be forfeited. For the 2016 – 2018 and 2017 – 2019 performance periods, awards (“Initial Awards”), equaling in aggregate up to $75 million of the applicable compensation pool, will be paid after the end of the initial three-year performance period (to the extent the Outperformance Hurdle is met). One-third of any compensation pool amount in excess of $75 million (up to 0.5% of our equity market capitalization) can be earned at the end of each of the three years after the Initial Awards are earned, if our performance meets or exceeds the Index at the end of each of such three years. In addition, participants will not be able to sell or transfer any equity they receive as awards until three years after the end of the initial performance period. Beginning with the 2018 – 2020 performance period, the POP award structure was amended. The plan requires an absolute maximum cap of $100 million on the compensation pool for the 2018 – 2020 performance period. If an award is earned at the end of the initial three-year performance period, then 20% of the POP award is paid at the end of the initial performance period and the remaining 80% is subject to additional seven-year cliff vesting. The 20% that is paid at the end of the initial three-year performance period is subject to an additional three-year holding requirement. In 2018, our Named Executive Officers (“NEOs”) adopted the vesting construct of the 2018 – 2020 performance period retroactively for the 2016 – 2018 and 2017 – 2019 performance periods. The change in vesting did not result in a remeasurement event under the accounting rules. Each participant is eligible to receive a percentage of the total compensation pool based on the number of participation points allocated to the participant, or in the case of certain NEOs, a set percentage of the compensation pool. If the performance criteria are met, the participants’ points or compensation pool percentage will be paid in the form of common stock or POP LTIP Units, as elected by the participant. Annually, a participant may exchange their participation points or compensation pool percentage for POP LTIP Units. If the performance criteria are not met, the participants’ points, compensation pool percentage and POP LTIP Units will be forfeited. 77 At December 31, 2018, all awards were equity classified. We use a Mont e Carlo valuation model to value the participation points allocated under the POP. The following table details the assumptions used for each grant based on the year it was granted (dollars in thousands): Total remaining compensation cost related to the POP at December 31, 2018, was $33.9 million, prior to adjustments for capitalized amounts due to our development activities. The remaining compensation cost will be recognized through 2027, with a weighted average period of 3.2 years. The performance criteria were met for the 2016 – 2018, 2015 – 2017 and 2014 – 2016 performance periods, which resulted in the pool being awarded in January 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, in the form of common stock and POP LTIP Units. See below for details on these performance periods (dollars and units in thousands): Other Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Programs Awards may be issued in the form of RSUs or LTIP Units at the participants’ elections under the following equity-based compensation plans and programs. RSUs and LTIP Units are valued based on the market price of the Parent’s common stock on the date the award is granted and the grant date value is charged to compensation expense over the service period. Beginning with the February 2018 grants, the service period was lengthened from three to four years. Dividends and distributions are paid with respect to both RSUs and LTIP Units during the vesting period, and therefore they are considered participating securities. We do not allocate undistributed earnings to participating securities as our net earnings per share or unit would not be materially different. The value of the dividend is charged to retained earnings for RSUs and the distribution is charged to Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests in the OP for LTIP Units in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Parent. Prologis Promote Plan (“PPP”) Under the PPP, we establish a compensation pool for certain employees that is equal to 40% of the third-party portion of promotes earned by Prologis from the co-investment ventures. The awards may be settled in some combination of cash and full value awards, at our election. Annual LTI Equity Award Program (“Annual LTI Award”) The Annual LTI Award provides for grants to certain employees subject to our performance against benchmark indices that relate to the most recent year’s performance. Annual Bonus Exchange Program Under our bonus exchange program, generally all our employees may elect to receive all or a portion of their annual cash bonus in equity. Equity awards granted through the bonus exchange are generally valued at a premium to the cash bonus exchanged, excluding the NEOs. 78 Summary of Award Activity RSUs Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of common stock of the Parent. The following table summarizes the activity for RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2018 (units in thousands): The fair value of stock awards granted and vested was $38.5 million and $32.9 million for 2017 and $32.5 million and $33.7 million for 2016, respectively, based on the weighted average grant date fair value per unit. Total remaining compensation cost related to RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2018, was $38.5 million, prior to adjustments for capitalized amounts due to our development activities. The remaining compensation cost will be recognized through 2022, with a weighted average period of 1.2 years. LTIP Units An LTIP Unit represents a partnership interest in the OP. After vesting and the satisfaction of certain conditions, an LTIP Unit may be exchangeable for a common limited partnership unit in the OP and then redeemable for a share of common stock (or cash at our option). The following table summarizes the activity for LTIP Units for the year ended December 31, 2018 (units in thousands): The fair value of stock awards granted and vested was $53.2 million and $28.3 million for 2017 and $38.0 million and $18.8 million for 2016, respectively, based on the weighted average grant date fair value per unit. Total remaining compensation cost related to LTIP Units at December 31, 2018, was $77.2 million, prior to adjustments for capitalized amounts due to our development activities. The remaining compensation cost will be recognized through 2022, with a weighted average period of 1.1 years. Stock Options We have 0.3 million stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2018, with a weighted average exercise price of $27.17 and a weighted average life of 1.5 years. The aggregate intrinsic value of exercised options was $13.8 million, $28.6 million, and $45.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. No stock options were granted in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018. 79 Other Plans The Prologis 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) provides for matching employer contributions of $0.50 for every dollar contributed by an employee, up to 6% of the employee’s annual compensation (within the statutory compensation limit). In the 401(k) Plan, vesting in the matching employer contributions is based on the employee’s years of service, with 100% vesting at the completion of one year of service. Our contributions under the matching provisions were $2.9 million, $2.8 million and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We have a non-qualified savings plan that allows highly compensated employees the opportunity to defer the receipt and income taxation of a certain portion of their compensation in excess of the amount permitted under the 401(k) Plan. There has been no employer matching in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018 . NOTE 13. INCOME TAXES Components of Earnings Before Income Taxes The following table summarizes the components of earnings before income taxes for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): Summary of Current and Deferred Income Taxes The following table summarizes the components of the provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): Current Income Taxes Current income tax expense incurred in international jurisdictions over the last three years is due to tax charged on the following: (i) the contribution of real estate properties to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures and sales to third-parties; (ii) recurring and transactional fees earned; and (iii) taxable earnings from unconsolidated co-investment ventures. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized a net expense of $0.3 million for uncertain tax positions. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, we did not recognize any expense for uncertain tax positions. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, was $60.3 million, $46.7 million and $29.3 million, respectively. Deferred Income Taxes The deferred income tax benefits recognized in 2017 and 2016 were principally due to the reversal of deferred tax liabilities from the contribution and disposition of properties. 80 The following table summarizes the deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31 (in thousands): The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, reduced the corporate federal tax rate in the U.S. to 21.0%, effective upon enactment. As such, deferred tax assets and liabilities for entities in the U.S. were measured using the lower corporate federal tax rate at December 31, 2018 and 2017. At December 31, 2018, we have finalized the accounting for the income tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. At December 31, 2018, we had NOL carryforwards as follows (in thousands): The deferred tax asset valuation allowance at December 31, 2018, was adequate to reduce the total deferred tax asset to an amount that we estimate will more likely than not be realized. Liability for Uncertain Tax Positions During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we believe that we have complied with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. The statute of limitations for our tax returns is generally three years. As such, our tax returns that remain subject to examination would be primarily from 2015 and thereafter. The liability for uncertain tax positions was $3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and primarily consisted of estimated income tax liabilities in Mexico. NOTE 14. EARNINGS PER CO MMON SHARE OR UNIT We determine basic earnings per share or unit based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock or units outstanding during the period. We compute diluted earnings per share or unit based on the weighted average number of shares or units outstanding combined with the incremental weighted average effect from all outstanding potentially dilutive instruments. 81 The computation of our basic and diluted earnings per share and unit for the years ended December 31 (in thousands, except per share and unit amounts) was as follows: NOTE 15. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Derivative Financial Instruments In the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to market risks, including the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We may enter into derivative financial instruments to offset these underlying market risks. See Note 2 for our derivative financial instruments policy. 82 The following table presents the fair value of our derivative financial instruments recognized within Other Assets and Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31 (in thousands): Undesignated Derivative Financial Instruments Foreign Currency Contracts The following table summarizes the activity of our undesignated foreign currency contracts for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except for weighted average forward rates and number of active contracts): The following table summarizes the undesignated derivative financial instruments exercised and associated realized gains (losses) and unrealized gains (losses) in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except for number of exercised contracts): 83 Designated Derivative Financial Instruments Foreign Currency Contracts The following table summarizes the activity of our foreign currency contracts designated as net investment hedges for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except for weighted average forward rates and number of active contracts): Interest Rate Swaps The following table summarizes the activity of our interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31 (in millions): Ineffectiveness During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we had no losses due to hedge ineffectiveness. Designated Nonderivative Financial Instruments The following table summarizes our debt and accrued interest, designated as a hedge of our net investment in international subsidiaries at December 31 (in millions): 84 The following table summarizes the recognized unrealized gains (losses) in Foreign Currency and Derivative Gains (Losses), Net on the remeasurement of the unhedged portion of our debt and accrued interest for the years ended December 31 (in millions): There were no unrealized gains or losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The change in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the periods presented is due to the translation into U.S. dollars on consolidation of the financial statements of our consolidated subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. The change in fair value of the effective portion of our derivative financial instruments that have been designated as net investment hedges and cash flow hedges and the translation of our nonderivative financial instruments as discussed above are also included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). The following table presents these changes in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements We have estimated the fair value of our financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies we believe to be appropriate for these purposes. Considerable judgment and a high degree of subjectivity are involved in developing these estimates and, accordingly, they are not necessarily indicative of amounts that we would realize on disposition. See Note 2 for more information on our fair value measurements policy. Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis At December 31, 2018 and 2017, other than the derivatives discussed previously, we did not have any significant financial assets or financial liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Consolidated Financial Statements. All of our derivatives held at December 31, 2018 and 2017, were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value Measurements on Nonrecurring Basis Acquired properties and assets we expect to sell or contribute met the criteria to be measured on a nonrecurring basis at fair value and the lower of their carrying amount or their estimated fair value less the costs to sell, respectively, at December 31, 2018 and 2017. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we estimate the fair value of our properties using Level 2 or Level 3 inputs from the fair value hierarchy. See more information on our acquired properties and assets held for sale or contribution in Notes 3, 4 and 6, respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses were representative of their fair values. The differences in the fair value of our debt from the carrying value in the table below were the result of differences in interest rates or borrowing spreads that were available to us at December 31, 2018 and 2017, as compared with those in effect when the debt was issued or assumed, including reduced borrowing spreads due to our improved credit ratings. The senior notes and many of the issuances of secured mortgage debt contain pre-payment penalties or yield maintenance provisions that could make the cost of refinancing the debt at lower rates exceed the benefit that would be derived from doing so. 85 The following table reflects the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our debt at December 31 (in thousands): NOTE 16 . COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Environmental Matters A majority of the properties we acquire, including land, are subjected to environmental reviews either by us or the previous owners. In addition, we may incur environmental remediation costs associated with certain land parcels we acquire in connection with the development of the land. We have acquired certain properties that may have been leased to or previously owned by companies that discharged hazardous materials. We establish a liability at the time of acquisition to cover such costs and adjust the liabilities as appropriate when additional information becomes available. We record our environmental liabilities in Other Liabilities . We purchase various environmental insurance policies to mitigate our exposure to environmental liabilities. We are not aware of any environmental liabilities that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Indemnification Agreements We may enter into agreements whereby we indemnify certain co-investment ventures, or our venture partners, outside of the U.S. for taxes that may be assessed with respect to certain properties we contributed to these ventures. Our contributions to these ventures are generally structured as contributions of shares of companies that own the real estate assets. Accordingly, the capital gains associated with the step up in the value of the underlying real estate assets, for tax purposes, are deferred and transferred at contribution. We have generally indemnified these ventures to the extent that the ventures: (i) incur capital gains or withholding tax as a result of a direct sale of the real estate asset, as opposed to a transaction in which the shares of the company owning the real estate asset are transferred or sold or (ii) are required to grant a discount to the buyer of shares under a share transfer transaction as a result of the ventures transferring the embedded capital gain tax liability to the buyer of the shares in the transaction. The agreements limit the amount that is subject to our indemnification with respect to each property to 100% of the actual tax liabilities related to the capital gains that are deferred and transferred by us to the ventures at the time of the initial contribution less any deferred tax assets transferred with the property. The outcome under these agreements is uncertain as it depends on the method and timing of dissolution of the related venture or disposition of any properties by the venture. We record liabilities related to the indemnification agreements in Other Liabilities . We continue to monitor these agreements and the likelihood of the sale of assets that would result in recognition and will adjust the potential liability in the future as facts and circumstances dictate. Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities We have issued performance and surety bonds and standby letters of credit in connection with certain development projects. Performance and surety bonds are commonly required by public agencies from real estate developers. Performance and surety bonds are renewable and expire on the completion of the improvements and infrastructure. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had $212.6 million and $178.4 million, respectively, outstanding under such arrangements. We may be required under capital commitments or we may choose to make additional capital contributions to certain of our unconsolidated entities, representing our proportionate ownership interest, should additional capital contributions be necessary to fund development or acquisition costs, repayment of debt or operational shortfalls. See Note 5 for further discussion related to equity commitments to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Litigation From time to time, we are party to a variety of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We believe that, with respect to any such matters that we are currently a party to, the ultimate disposition of any such matter will not have material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 86 NOTE 17 . BUSINESS SE GMENTS Our current business strategy includes two operating segments: Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. We generate revenues, earnings, net operating income and cash flows through our segments, as follows: 87 Reconciliations are presented below for: (i) each reportable business segment’s revenues from external customers to Total Revenues ; (ii) each reportable business segment’s net operating income from external customers to Operating Income and Earnings Before Income Taxes ; and (iii) each reportable business segment’s assets to Total Assets . Our chief operating decision makers rely primarily on net operating income and similar measures to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing segment performance. The applicable components of Total Re venues, Operating Income, Earnings Before Income Taxes and Total Assets are allocated to each reportable business segment’s revenues, net operating income and assets. Items that are not directly assignable to a segment, such as certain corporate income and expenses, are not allocated but reflected as reconciling items. The following reconciliations are presented in thousands: 88 NOTE 18 . SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Our significant noncash investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 included the following: 89 NOTE 19 . SELECTED QUARTER LY FINANCIAL DATA (UNA UDITED) The following table details our selected quarterly financial data (in thousands, except per share and unit data): 90 PROLOGIS, INC. AND PROLOGIS, L.P. SCHEDULE III – REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2018 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, as applicable) 91 PROLOGIS, INC. AND PROLOGIS, L.P. SCHEDULE III – REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2018 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, as applicable) Schedule III – Footnotes 92 The following table reconciles accumulated depreciation per Schedule III to the Consolidated Balance Sheet s in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data at December 31, 201 8 (in thousands): 93 Certain of the following documents are filed herewith. Certain other of the following documents that have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and, pursuant to Rule 12b-32, are incorpo rated herein by reference. 94 95 96 Other debt instruments are omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Registration S-K. Copies of such instruments will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 97 98 99 100 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 13, 2019 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that we, the undersigned officers and directors of Prologis, Inc., hereby severally constitute Hamid R. Moghadam, Thomas S. Olinger and Edward S. Nekritz, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Form 10-K filed herewith and any and all amendments to said Form 10-K, and generally to do all such things in our names and in our capacities as officers and directors to enable Prologis, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorneys, or any of them, to said Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 101 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 13, 2019 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that we, the undersigned officers and directors of Prologis, L.P., hereby severally constitute Hamid R. Moghadam, Thomas S. Olinger and Edward S. Nekritz, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Form 10-K filed herewith and any and all amendments to said Form 10-K, and generally to do all such things in our names and in our capacities as officers and directors to enable Prologis, L.P. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorneys, or any of them, to said Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 102