10-Q 1 reg10-q063017.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-12298 (Regency Centers Corporation) Commission File Number 0-24763 (Regency Centers, L.P.) REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Regency Centers Corporation: Regency Centers, L.P.: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO x Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO x The number of shares outstanding of the Regency Centers Corporation’s common stock was 170,104,317 as of August 7, 2017 . EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Regency Centers Corporation” or the “Parent Company” mean Regency Centers Corporation and its controlled subsidiaries; and references to “Regency Centers, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” mean Regency Centers, L.P. and its controlled subsidiaries. The term “the Company”,"Regency Centers" or “Regency” means the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively. The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) and the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units (“Units”). As of June 30, 2017 , the Parent Company owned all of the Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership and approximately 99.8% of the Units in the Operating Partnership. The remaining limited Units are owned by investors. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. The Company believes combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of the Parent Company consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of the Parent Company and employees of the Operating Partnership. The Company believes it is important to understand the key differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. Except for the $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt assumed with the Equity One merger on March 1, 2017, the Parent Company does not have any other indebtedness, but guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership is also the co-issuer and guarantees the debt of the Parent Company. The Operating Partnership holds all the assets of the Company and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources include the Operating Partnership's operations, its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of partnership units. Stockholders' equity, partners' capital, and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units, and Preferred Units owned by the Parent Company. The limited partners' units in the Operating Partnership owned by third parties are accounted for in partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements and outside of stockholders' equity in noncontrolling interests in the Parent Company's financial statements. The Preferred Units owned by the Parent Company are eliminated in consolidation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and are classified as preferred units of the general partner in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership. In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections in this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements, controls and procedures sections, and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Although the Parent Company is the issuer of the combined $500 million of unsecured public and private notes, the Operating Partnership is a co-issuer and guarantor of these notes. Therefore, while stockholders' equity and partners' capital differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (in thousands, except share data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 1 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 2 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 3 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands) (unaudited) 5 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the six months ended June 30, 2017 , and 2016 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (in thousands, except unit data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per unit data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 10 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands) (unaudited) 11 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the six months ended June 30, 2017 , and 2016 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 12 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 General Regency Centers Corporation (the “Parent Company”) began its operations as a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) in 1993 and is the general partner of Regency Centers, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). The Parent Company engages in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, and development of retail shopping centers through the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company has no other assets other than through its investment in the Operating Partnership, and its only liabilities are the unsecured notes assumed from the Equity One merger, which are co-issued and guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. On March 1, 2017, Regency completed its merger with Equity One, Inc. ("Equity One"), whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Equity One stockholder received 0.45 of a newly issued share of Regency common stock for each share of Equity One common stock owned immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, resulting in the issuance of approximately 65.5 million shares of common stock to effect the merger. As of June 30, 2017 , the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (the "Company” or “Regency”) owned 313 retail shopping centers and held partial interests in an additional 115 retail shopping centers through unconsolidated investments in real estate partnerships (also referred to as "joint ventures" or "investment partnerships"). The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. These adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature. Consolidation The Company consolidates properties that are wholly owned or properties where it owns less than 100%, but which it controls. Control is determined using an evaluation based on accounting standards related to the consolidation of voting interest entities and variable interest entities ("VIEs"). For joint ventures that are determined to be a VIE, the Company consolidates the entity where it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Determination of the primary beneficiary is based on whether an entity has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company's determination of the primary beneficiary considers all relationships between it and the VIE, including management agreements and other contractual arrangements. Ownership of the Operating Partnership The Operating Partnership’s capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. As of June 30, 2017 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership with the remaining limited Partnership Units held by third parties (“Exchangeable operating partnership units” or “EOP units”). The Parent Company serves as general partner of the Operating Partnership. The EOP unit holders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have the power to direct the activities of the Operating Partnership. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity, and the Parent Company, which consolidates it, is the primary beneficiary. The Parent Company’s only investment is the Operating Partnership. Net income and distributions of the Operating Partnership are allocable to the general and limited common Partnership Units in accordance with their ownership percentages. Segment Reporting The Company's business is investing in retail shopping centers through direct ownership or through joint ventures. The Company actively manages its portfolio of retail shopping centers and may from time to time make decisions to sell lower performing properties or developments not meeting its long-term investment objectives. The proceeds from sales are reinvested into higher quality retail shopping centers, through 13 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 acquisitions or new developments, which management believes will generate sustainable revenue growth and attractive returns. It is management's intent that all retail shopping centers will be owned or developed for investment purposes. The Company's revenues and net income are generated from the operation of its investment portfolio. The Company also earns fees for services provided to manage and lease retail shopping centers owned through joint ventures. The Company's portfolio is located throughout the United States. Management does not distinguish or group its operations on a geographical basis for purposes of allocating resources or capital. The Company reviews operating and financial data for each property on an individual basis; therefore, the Company defines an operating segment as its individual properties. The individual properties have been aggregated into one reportable segment based upon their similarities with regard to both the nature and economics of the centers, tenants and operational processes, as well as long-term average financial performance. Goodwill Goodwill, which is included within Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, represents the excess of the purchase price consideration for the Equity One merger over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and reflects expected synergies from combining Regency's and Equity One's operations. The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with the Intangibles - Goodwill and Other Topic of the FASB ASC, and allocates its goodwill to the reporting units, which have been determined to be at the individual property level. The Company will perform an impairment evaluation of its goodwill at least annually, in November of each year. The goodwill impairment evaluation may be completed through a qualitative or quantitative approach. Under a qualitative approach, the impairment review for goodwill consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that the property’s fair value is less than its carrying value. If a qualitative approach indicates it is more likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a property exceeds its fair value, or if the Company chooses to bypass the qualitative approach for any property, the Company will perform the quantitative approach described below. The first step of the quantitative approach consists of estimating the fair value of each property using discounted projected future cash flows and comparing those estimated fair values with the carrying values, which include the allocated goodwill. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed to compute the amount of the impairment, if any, by determining an implied fair value of goodwill. The determination of each property’s implied fair value of goodwill requires allocation of the estimated fair value of the property to its assets and liabilities. Any unallocated fair value represents the implied fair value of goodwill which is compared to its corresponding carrying value. Real Estate Partnerships As of June 30, 2017 , Regency has an ownership interest in 126 properties through partnerships, of which 11 are consolidated. Our partners in these ventures include institutional investors, other real estate developers and/or operators, and individual parties who help Regency source transactions for development and investment (the "Partners" or "limited partners"). Regency has a variable interest in these entities through its equity interests. As managing member, Regency maintains the books and records and typically provides leasing and property management to the partnerships. The partners’ level of involvement varies from protective decisions (debt, bankruptcy, selling primary asset(s) of business) to involvement in approving leases, operating budgets, and capital budgets. The majority of the operations of the VIEs are funded with cash flows generated by the properties, or in the case of developments, with capital contributions or third party construction loans. Regency does not provide financial support to the VIEs beyond the terms stipulated in the partnership operating agreements. 14 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The assets of these partnerships are restricted to the use of the partnerships and cannot be used by general creditors of the Company. And similarly, the obligations of these partnerships can only be settled by the assets of these partnerships. The major classes of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling equity interests held by the Company's VIEs, exclusive of the Operating Partnership as a whole, are as follows: 15 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 Recent Accounting Pronouncements The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements and expected impact on our financial statements: 16 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 17 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 18 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 Acquisitions The following table details the shopping centers acquired or land acquired or leased for development: Equity One Merger General On March 1, 2017, Regency completed its merger with Equity One, a NYSE shopping center company, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Equity One stockholder received 0.45 of a newly issued share of Regency common stock for each share of Equity One common stock owned immediately prior to the effective time of the merger resulting in approximately 65.5 million shares being issued to effect the merger. 19 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following table provides the components that make up the total purchase price for the Equity One merger: As part of the merger, Regency acquired 121 properties, including 8 properties held through co-investment partnerships. The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Equity One are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date, March 1, 2017, going forward and resulted in the following impact to Revenues and Net income attributable to common stockholders for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017 : The Company incurred $4.7 million and $74.4 million of merger-related transaction costs during the three and six months ended June 30, 2017 , respectively, which are recorded in Other operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no such merger costs incurred during the same periods of 2016 . Provisional Purchase Price Allocation of Merger The Equity One merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, which requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair values. 20 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following table summarizes the provisional purchase price allocation based on the Company's initial valuation, including estimates and assumptions of the acquisition date fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed: The acquired assets and assumed liabilities of an acquired operating property generally include, but are not limited to: land, buildings and improvements, identified tangible and intangible assets and liabilities associated with in-place leases, including tenant improvements, leasing costs, value of above-market and below-market leases, and value of acquired in-place leases. This methodology included estimating an “as-if vacant” fair value of the physical property, which includes land, building, and improvements and also determined the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, considering the following categories: (i) value of in-place leases, and (ii) above and below-market value of in-place leases. The excess of the purchase price consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in goodwill in the business combination, which reflects expected synergies from combining Regency's and Equity One's operations. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The provisional fair market value of the acquired operating properties is based on a valuation prepared by Regency with assistance of a third party valuation specialist. The third party used stabilized NOI and market specific capitalization and discount rates as the primary inputs in determining the fair value of the real estate assets. Management reviewed the inputs used by the third party specialist as well as the allocation of the purchase price to ensure reasonableness and that the procedures were performed in accordance with management's policy. Management and the third party valuation specialist have prepared their provisional fair value estimates for each of the operating properties acquired, but are still in process of reviewing all of the underlying inputs and assumptions; therefore, the purchase price and its allocation, in its entirety, are not yet complete as of the date of this filing. Once the purchase price and allocation are complete, an adjustment to the purchase price or allocation may occur. The allocation of the purchase price is based on management’s assessment, which may change in the future as more information becomes available. Subsequent adjustments made to the purchase price allocation upon completion of the Company's fair value assessment process will not exceed one year. The allocation of the purchase price described above requires a significant amount of judgment and represents management's best estimate of the fair value as of the acquisition date. 21 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following table details the provisional weighted average amortization and net accretion periods, in years, of the major classes of intangible assets and intangible liabilities arising from the Equity One merger: Pro forma Information The following unaudited pro forma financial data includes the incremental revenues, operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, and costs of the Equity One acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2016: The pro forma financial data is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been assuming the transaction had been completed as set forth above, nor does it purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. 3. Property Dispositions Dispositions The following table provides a summary of shopping centers and land parcels disposed of: 22 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 4. Notes Payable and Unsecured Credit Facilities The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following: During January 2017, the Company issued $650.0 million of senior unsecured public notes as follows: During June 2017, the Company issued an additional $300.0 million under the same terms as the January offering noted above as follows: The Company completed the following additional debt transactions in connection with the Equity One merger: 23 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The public and private unsecured notes assumed from Equity One have covenants that are similar to the Company's existing debt covenants described in Regency's latest Form 10-K. As of June 30, 2017 , scheduled principal payments and maturities on notes payable and unsecured credit facilities were as follows: The Company has $140.0 million of mortgage loans maturing through 2018 , which it currently intends to refinance if held with a co-investment partner or pay off if wholly owned. The Company has sufficient capacity on its Line to repay this maturing debt, all of which is in the form of non-recourse mortgage loans. The Company was in compliance as of June 30, 2017 with the financial and other covenants under its unsecured public and private placement debt and unsecured credit facilities. Subsequent Event Subsequent to June 30, 2017 , the Company successfully solicited consents from over 96% of the holders of its $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior unsecured public notes to amend certain provisions of the indenture governing the notes which terminated guarantees provided by certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The amendments to the indenture became effective on July 28, 2017, upon payment of the consent fee of $1.50 per $1,000 principal amount of the unsecured public notes for which consents were delivered. 24 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 5. Derivative Financial Instruments The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of the Company's derivative financial instruments, as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: These derivative financial instruments are all interest rate swaps, which are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and, as of June 30, 2017 , does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. The Company has master netting agreements; however, the Company does not have multiple derivatives subject to a single master netting agreement with the same counterparties. Therefore, none are offset in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings within Interest expense, in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following table represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the accompanying consolidated financial statements: As of June 30, 2017 , the Company expects $9.8 million of net deferred losses on derivative instruments in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, including the Company's share from its Investments in real estate partnerships, to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. Included in the reclassification is $8.4 million which is related to previously settled swaps on the Company's ten year fixed rate unsecured loans. 25 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 6. Fair Value Measurements (a) Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments All financial instruments of the Company are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at amounts which, in management's estimation, reasonably approximate their fair values, except for the following: The above fair values represent management's estimate of the amounts that would be received from selling those assets or that would be paid to transfer those liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants as of June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. These fair value measurements maximize the use of observable inputs. However, in situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date, the fair value measurement reflects the Company's own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops its judgments based on the best information available at the measurement date, including expected cash flows, appropriate risk-adjusted discount rates, and available observable and unobservable inputs. Service providers involved in fair value measurements are evaluated for competency and qualifications on an ongoing basis. As considerable judgment is often necessary to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments, the fair values presented above are not necessarily indicative of amounts that will be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments: Notes Receivable The fair value of the Company's Notes receivable is estimated by calculating the present value of future contractual cash flows discounted at interest rates available for notes of the same terms and maturities, adjusted for counter-party specific credit risk. The fair value of Notes receivable was determined primarily using Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy, which considered counter-party credit risk and collateral risk of the underlying property securing the note receivable. Notes Payable The fair value of the Company's unsecured debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair value of the unsecured debt was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Company's mortgage notes payable is estimated by discounting future cash flows of each instrument at rates that reflect the current market rates available to the Company for debt of the same terms and maturities. Fixed rate loans assumed in connection with real estate acquisitions are recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at fair value at the time the property is acquired. The fair value of the mortgage notes payable was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unsecured Credit Facilities The fair value of the Company's Unsecured credit facilities is estimated based on the interest rates currently offered to the Company by financial institutions. The fair value of the credit facilities was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. 26 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following interest rate ranges were used by the Company to estimate the fair value of its financial instruments: (b) Fair Value Measurements The following financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Trading Securities Held in Trust The Company has investments in marketable securities, which are assets of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan ("NQDCP"), that are classified as trading securities held in trust on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Trading securities held in trust was determined using quoted prices in active markets, which are considered Level 1 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the value of trading securities are recorded within net investment (income) loss from deferred compensation plan in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Available-for-Sale Securities Available-for-sale securities consist of investments in certificates of deposit and corporate bonds, and are recorded at fair value using matrix pricing methods to estimate fair value, which are considered Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unrealized gains or losses on these securities are recognized through Other comprehensive income. Interest Rate Derivatives The fair value of the Company's interest rate derivatives is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its interest rate swaps. As a result, the Company determined that its interest rate swaps valuation in its entirety is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 27 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 7. Equity and Capital Preferred Stock of the Parent Company Redemption: The Parent Company redeemed all of the issued and outstanding shares of its $250 million 6.625% Series 6 cumulative redeemable preferred stock on February 16, 2017. The redemption price of $25.21 per share included accrued and unpaid dividends, resulting in an aggregate amount being paid of $252.0 million . The funds used to redeem the Series 6 preferred stock were provided by the $300 million 30 year senior unsecured debt offering completed in January 2017, as discussed in note 4. Subsequent Event: On July 13, 2017, the Company announced that it will redeem all of the issued and outstanding shares of its $75 million 6% Series 7 cumulative redeemable preferred stock on August 23, 2017. The redemption price of $25.22 per share includes accrued and unpaid dividends resulting in an aggregate amount to be paid of $75.7 million . The Company intends to use proceeds from its senior unsecured notes issued in June 2017 to fund the redemption, as discussed in note 4. 28 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 Common Stock of the Parent Company Issuances: At the Market ("ATM") Program The Company's ATM equity offering program authorizes the Parent Company to sell up to $500 million of common stock at prices determined by the market at the time of sale. As of June 30, 2017 , $500 million of common stock remained available for issuance under this ATM equity program. There were no shares issued under the ATM equity program during the three months ended June 30, 2017 or 2016, or during the six months ended June 30, 2017 . The following table presents the shares that were issued under the ATM equity program during the six months ended June 30, 2016 : Forward Equity Offering In March 2016, the Parent Company entered into a forward sale agreement (the "Forward Equity Offering") to issue 3.10 million shares of its common stock at an offering price of $75.25 per share before any underwriting discount and offering expenses. In June 2016, the Parent Company partially settled its forward equity offering by delivering 1.85 million shares of newly issued common stock thereby receiving $137.5 million of net proceeds which were used to repay the Line. The remaining 1.25 million shares must be settled under the forward sale agreement prior to December 27, 2017 . Equity One merger On March 1, 2017, Regency completed its merger with Equity One, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company. Under the terms of the merger Agreement, each Equity One stockholder received 0.45 of a newly issued share of Regency common stock for each share of Equity One common stock that they owned immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger resulting in approximately 65.5 million shares being issued to effect the merger. Common Units of the Operating Partnership Issuances: Common units were issued to the Parent Company in relation to the Parent Company's issuance of common stock, as discussed above. In April 2017, the Operating Partnership issued 195,732 limited partner units, valued at $13.1 million , as partial purchase price consideration for the acquisition of land to be developed. 29 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCI") The following tables present changes in the balances of each component of AOCI: The following represents amounts reclassified out of AOCI into income: 8. Stock-Based Compensation During six months ended June 30, 2017 , the Company granted 231,065 shares of restricted stock with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $71.93 per share. The Company records stock-based compensation expense within General and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 9. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan ("NQDCP") The Company maintains a NQDCP which allows select employees and directors to defer part or all of their cash bonus, director fees, and vested restricted stock awards. All contributions into the participants' accounts are fully vested upon contribution to the NQDCP and are deposited in a Rabbi trust. 30 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 The following table reflects the balances of the assets held in the Rabbi trust and related participant account obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding Regency stock: 10. Earnings per Share and Unit Parent Company Earnings per Share The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: Income allocated to noncontrolling interests of the Operating Partnership has been excluded from the numerator and exchangeable Operating Partnership units have been omitted from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share since the effect of including these amounts in the numerator and denominator would have no impact. Weighted average exchangeable Operating Partnership units outstanding for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 were 238,987 and 154,170 , respectively. 31 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 Operating Partnership Earnings per Unit The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit: 11. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation The Company is involved in litigation on a number of matters and is subject to certain claims, which arise in the normal course of business, none of which, in the opinion of management, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. After the announcement of the merger agreement with Equity One on November 14, 2016, a putative class action was filed on behalf of a purported stockholder in the Circuit Court for Duval County, Florida, under the following caption: Robert Garfield on Behalf of Himself and All Others Similarly Situated vs. Regency Centers Corporation, Martin E. Stein, Jr., John C. Schweitzer, Raymond L. Bank, Bryce Blair, C. Ronald Blankenship, J. Dix Druce, Jr., Mary Lou Fiala, David P. O'Connor, and Thomas G. Wattles, No. 16-2017-CA-000688-XXXX-MA, filed February 3, 2017. The class action alleged, among other matters, that the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus filed by Regency and Equity One with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 24, 2017 (the “Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus”) omitted certain material information in connection with the merger. The complainant sought various remedies, including injunctive relief to prevent the consummation of the merger unless certain allegedly material information was disclosed and sought compensatory and rescissory damages in the event the merger was consummated without such disclosures. On February 17, 2017, the defendants entered into a stipulation of settlement with respect to the class action, pursuant to which the parties agreed, among other things, that Regency would make certain supplemental disclosures. The supplemental disclosures were made by Regency in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Regency with the SEC on February 17, 2017. The stipulation of settlement remains subject to court approval. Environmental The Company is also subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to real estate pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. The Company believes that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on its financial position, liquidity, or operations. The Company can give no assurance that existing environmental studies with respect to the shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental contaminants or liabilities, that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to it, that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties, or that changes 32 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2017 in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to the Company. Letters of Credit The Company has the right to issue letters of credit under the Line up to an amount not to exceed $50.0 million , which reduces the credit availability under the Line. These letters of credit are primarily issued as collateral on behalf of its captive insurance program and to facilitate the construction of development projects. As of June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , the Company had $5.9 million and $5.8 million , respectively, in letters of credit outstanding. Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, the following information contains forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated changes in our revenues, the size of our development and redevelopment program, earnings per share and unit, returns and portfolio value, and expectations about our liquidity. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the real estate industry and markets in which the Company operates, and management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully integrate the business of Equity One successfully and realize the anticipated synergies and related benefits of our merger with Equity One, changes in national and local economic conditions, financial difficulties of tenants, competitive market conditions, including timing and pricing of acquisitions and sales of properties and building pads ("out-parcels"), changes in leasing activity and market rents, timing of development starts, meeting development schedules, natural disasters in geographic areas in which we operate, cost of environmental remediation, our inability to exercise voting control over the co-investment partnerships through which we own many of our properties, and technology disruptions. For additional information, see “Risk Factors” included here in and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 . The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. appearing elsewhere herein. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of uncertain events. Defined Terms We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to certain performance metrics determined under GAAP , as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operational results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of certain operating metrics regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, makes comparisons of other REITs' operating results to the Company's more meaningful. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. The following terms, as defined, are commonly used by management and the investing public to understand and evaluate our operational results: 33 features at least two years of anchor operations, or (iii) three years have passed since the start of construction. Once deemed complete, the property is termed a retail operating property. The pro-rata information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts and is intended to more accurately reflect our proportionate economic interest in the operating results of properties in our portfolio. We do not control the unconsolidated investment partnerships, and the pro-rata presentations of the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses do not represent our legal claim to such items. The partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the operating agreements, which provide for such allocations according to their invested capital. Our share of invested capital establishes the ownership interests we use to prepare our pro-rata share. The presentation of pro-rata information has limitations which include, but are not limited to, the following: Because of these limitations, the pro-rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the pro-rata information as a supplement. 34 Overview of Our Strategy Regency Centers (the "Parent Company") began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993, and, as of June 30, 2017, had full or partial ownership interests in 428 retail properties primarily anchored by market leading grocery stores. Our properties are principally located in affluent and infill trade areas of the United States and the District of Columbia, and contain 54.2 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). All of our operating, investing, and financing activities are performed through our Operating Partnership, Regency Centers, L.P., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and through our co-investment partnerships; however, $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt is held by the Parent Company, which it assumed through the merger with Equity One. As of June 30, 2017, the Parent Company owns approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common partnership units of the Operating Partnership and has Our mission is to be the preeminent national shopping center owner, operator and developer. Our strategy is to: Key goals to achieve our strategy are to: Executing on our Strategy During the six months ended June 30, 2017 : We had Net income attributable to common stockholders of $15.1 million , net of $74.4 million of merger costs, as compared to $82.7 million during the six months ended 2016 . We completed the merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017 and acquired 121 properties for $5.2 billion, further enhancing the quality of our operating portfolio of retail shopping centers. We sustained superior same property NOI growth compared to the average of our shopping center peers: We developed and redeveloped high quality shopping centers at attractive returns on investment: 35 We maintained a conservative balance sheet providing financial flexibility to cost effectively fund investment opportunities and debt maturities: Equity One Merger On March 1, 2017, Regency completed its merger with Equity One, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Equity One stockholder received 0.45 of a newly issued share of Regency common stock for each share of Equity One common stock owned immediately prior to the effective time of the merger resulting in approximately 65.5 million shares being issued to effect the merger. The following table provides the components that make up the total purchase price for the Equity One merger: As part of the merger, Regency acquired 121 properties representing 16.0 million SF of GLA, including 8 properties held through co-investment partnerships. The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Equity One are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date, March 1, 2017 through June 30, 2017. Shopping Center Portfolio The following table summarizes general information related to the Consolidated Properties in our shopping center portfolio: 36 The following table summarizes general information related to the Unconsolidated Properties owned in co-investment partnerships in our shopping center portfolio: For the purpose of the following disclosures of occupancy and leasing activity, "anchor space" is considered space greater than or equal to 10,000 SF and "shop space" is less than 10,000 SF. The following table summarizes pro-rata occupancy rates of our combined Consolidated and Unconsolidated shopping center portfolio: The decline in shop space percent leased is due to the merger with Equity One, which has lower shop space occupancy than Regency. The following table summarizes leasing activity, including our pro-rata share of activity within the portfolio of our co-investment partnerships: (1) Number of leasing transactions reported at 100%; all other statistics reported at pro-rata share. 37 (2) Totals for base rent, tenant improvements, and leasing commissions reflect the weighted average PSF. (3) For the period ending June 30, 2017 , amounts include leasing activity of properties acquired from Equity One beginning March 1, 2017. Total average base rent on signed shop space leases during 2017 was $31.27 and exceeds the average annual base rent of all shop space leases due to expire during the remainder of 2017 of $28.48 PSF, by 8.9%. Significant Tenants and Concentrations of Risk We seek to reduce our operating and leasing risks through geographic diversification and by avoiding dependence on any single property, market, or tenant. The following table summarizes our most significant tenants, based on their percentage of annualized base rent: Bankruptcies and Credit Concerns Our management team devotes significant time to researching and monitoring retail trends, consumer preferences, customer shopping behaviors, changes in retail delivery methods, and changing demographics in order to anticipate the challenges and opportunities impacting the retail industry. Certain segments of the retail industry face reductions in sales and increased bankruptcies amid stronger competition from e-commerce. A greater shift to e-commerce, large-scale retail business failures, unemployment, and tight credit markets could negatively impact consumer spending and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We seek to mitigate these potential impacts through tenant diversification, re-tenanting weaker tenants with stronger operators, anchoring our centers with market leading grocery stores that drive foot traffic, and maintaining a presence in affluent suburbs and dense infill trade areas. As a result of our research and findings, we may reduce new leasing, suspend leasing, or curtail allowances for construction of leasehold improvements within a certain retail category or to a specific retailer in order to reduce our risk from bankruptcies and store closings. We closely monitor the operating performance and rent collections of tenants in our shopping centers as well as those retailers experiencing significant changes to their business models as a result of reduced customer traffic in their stores and increased competition from e-commerce sales. Retailers who are unable to withstand these and other business pressures may approach us to modify their lease agreement or file for bankruptcy. Although base rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy generally have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and cancels its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues. Currently, no tenant represents more than 5% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis. Of the current bankruptcies impacting our portfolio, none of the individual retailers exceed 0.1% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis. 38 Results from Operations Comparison of the three months ended June 30, 2017 to 2016 : Results from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2017 , reflect the results of our merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017. Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased as follows: Percentage rent increased $1.0 million primarily as a result of properties acquired through the Equity One merger. Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased as follows: Management, transaction, and other fees increased $461,000 primarily from investments in real estate partnerships acquired through the Equity One merger. 39 Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased as follows: Real estate taxes increased as follows: Other operating expenses increased as follows: 40 The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $11.0 million increase in total interest expense is due to: During the three months ended June 30, 2017 , we prepaid nine mortgages with a portion of the proceeds from our latest unsecured public debt offering, and recognized $12.4 million of debt extinguishment costs. Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships increased as follows: The $1.2 million increase in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to: 41 The following represents the remaining components that comprised net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the three months ended June 30, 2017 , we sold one operating property and five land parcels for gains totaling $4.4 million , as compared to gains of $0.5 million from the sale of one operating property and five land parcels during the three months ended June 30, 2016 . Preferred stock dividends decreased $4.1 million due to the redemption of our $250 million 6.625% Series 6 Preferred Stock in February 2017. Comparison of the six months ended June 30, 2017 to 2016 : Results from operations for the six months ended June 30, 2017 , reflect the results of our merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017. Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased as follows: Percentage rent increased $2.2 million primarily as a result of properties acquired through the Equity One merger. 42 Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased as follows: Other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased $1.1 million from properties acquired through the Equity One merger. Management, transaction, and other fees increased $403,000 primarily from investments in real estate partnerships acquired through the Equity One merger. Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased as follows: General and administrative expenses increased $1.8 million from the following: 43 Real estate taxes increased as follows: Other operating expenses increased as follows: The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $14.1 million increase in total interest expense is due to: 44 During the six months ended June 30, 2017 , we prepaid nine mortgages with a portion of the proceeds from our latest unsecured public debt offering, and recognized $12.4 million of debt extinguishment costs. Net investment income increased $1.5 million, driven by gains within the non-qualified deferred compensation plan during the six months ended June 30, 2017 . Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships decreased as follows: The $2.4 million decrease in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to: The following represents the remaining components that comprise net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the six months ended June 30, 2017 , we sold one operating properties and seven land parcels resulting in gains of $4.8 million , compared to gains of $13.4 million from the sale of four operating properties and ten land parcels during the same period in 2016 . Preferred stock dividends and issuance costs increased $2.5 million due to the redemption of our $250 million 6.625% Series 6 Preferred Stock in February 2017 and writing off the original issuance costs. 45 Supplemental Earnings Information We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to certain performance metrics determined under GAAP, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operating results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of operating results regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, may assist in comparing the Company's operating results to other REITs'. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. See "Defined Terms" at the beginning of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. Pro-Rata Same Property NOI: For purposes of evaluating same property NOI on a comparative basis, and in light of the merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017, we are presenting our same property NOI on a pro forma basis as if the merger had occurred January 1, 2016. This perspective allows us to evaluate same property NOI growth over a comparable period. The pro forma same property NOI is not necessarily indicative of what the actual same property NOI and growth would have been if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2016, nor does it purport to represent the same property NOI and growth for future periods. Our pro-rata same property NOI, as adjusted, excluding termination fees, grew from the following major components: (1) Adjusted for Equity One operating results prior to the merger for these periods. For additional information and details about the Equity One operating results included herein, refer to the Same Property NOI Reconciliation at the end of the Supplemental Earnings section. Base rent increased $6.2 million and $12.6 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2017 , respectively, driven by increases in rental rate growth on new and renewal leases and contractual rent steps from anchor leases, minimally offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Recovery revenue increased $4.6 million during the six months ended June 30, 2017 , as a result of increases in recoverable costs, as noted below, and improvements in recovery rates. Other income decreased $1.2 million and $1.5 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2017 , due to the timing of lease termination fees, easement sales, and settlements. Operating expenses increased $3.3 million during the six months ended June 30, 2017 , primarily due to higher real estate taxes. 46 Same Property Rollforward: Our same property pool includes the following property count, pro-rata GLA, and changes therein: (1) SF adjustments arise from remeasurements or redevelopments. 47 NAREIT FFO and Core FFO: Our reconciliation of net income attributable to common stock and unit holders to NAREIT FFO and Core FFO is as follows: (1) Includes Regency's pro-rata share of unconsolidated investment partnerships, net of pro-rata share attributable to noncontrolling interests. 48 Same Property NOI Reconciliation: Our reconciliation of property revenues and property expenses to Same Property NOI, on a pro-rata basis, is as follows: (1) Includes revenues and expenses attributable to non-same property, sold property, development property, and corporate activities. (2) Includes straight-line rental income and expense, net of reserves, above and below market rent amortization, other fees, and noncontrolling interest. 49 (3) Includes non-NOI expenses incurred at our unconsolidated real estate partnerships, including those separated out above for our consolidated properties. (4) NOI from Equity One prior to the merger was derived from the accounting records of Equity One without adjustment. Equity One's financial information for the two month period ended February 28, 2017 and the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2016 was subject to a limited internal review by Regency. Following is Same Property NOI detail for the non-ownership periods of Equity One: Liquidity and Capital Resources General We use cash flows generated from operating, investing, and financing activities to strengthen our balance sheet, finance our development and redevelopment projects, fund our investment activities, and maintain financial flexibility. We continuously monitor the capital markets and evaluate our ability to issue new debt or equity to repay maturing debt or fund our capital commitments. Except for the $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt assumed with the Equity One merger on March 1, 2017, our Parent Company has no capital commitments other than its guarantees of the commitments of our Operating Partnership. All remaining debt is held by our Operating Partnership or by our co-investment partnerships. The Operating Partnership is a co-issuer and a guarantor on the outstanding debt of our Parent Company. The Parent Company will from time to time access the capital markets for the purpose of issuing new equity and will simultaneously contribute all of the offering proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional partnership units. Based upon our available sources of capital, our current credit ratings, and the number of high quality, unencumbered properties we own, we believe our available capital resources are sufficient to meet our expected capital needs. 50 In addition to its $97.3 million cash balance, the Company has the following additional sources of capital available: We operate our business such that we expect net cash provided by operating activities will provide the necessary funds to pay our distributions to our common and preferred share and unit holders, which were $147.6 million and $107.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 , respectively. Our dividend distribution policy is set by our Board of Directors, who monitors our financial position. Our Board of Directors recently declared our common stock dividend of $0.53 per share, payable on August 30, 2017. Future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be subject to capital requirements and availability. We plan to continue paying an aggregate amount of distributions to our stock and unit holders that, at a minimum, meet the requirements to continue qualifying as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes. During the next twelve months, we estimate that we will require approximately $303.1 million of cash, including $266.5 million to complete in-process developments and redevelopments, and $36.5 million to repay maturing debt. If we start new developments, redevelop additional shopping centers, or commit to new acquisitions, our cash requirements will increase. If we refinance maturing debt, our cash requirements will decrease. To meet our cash requirements, we may utilize cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale of real estate, available borrowings from our Line, and when the capital markets are favorable, proceeds from the sale of equity and the issuance of new long-term debt. We endeavor to maintain a high percentage of unencumbered assets. At June 30, 2017 , 86.5% of our wholly-owned real estate assets were unencumbered. Such assets allow us to access the secured and unsecured debt markets and to maintain availability on the Line. Our annualized coverage ratio, including our pro-rata share of our partnerships, was 4.3 times and 3.3 times for the periods ended June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 , respectively. Our Line, term loans, and unsecured notes require that we remain in compliance with various covenants, which are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 . The debt assumed and issued in conjunction with the Equity One merger contain covenants that are consistent with our existing debt covenants. We are in compliance with these covenants at June 30, 2017 and expect to remain in compliance. Subsequent to June 30, 2017 , we successfully solicited consents from over 96% of the holders of our $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior unsecured public notes to amend certain provisions of the indenture governing the notes which terminated guarantees provided by certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The amendments to the indenture became effective on July 28, 2017, upon payment of the consent fee of $1.50 per $1,000 principal amount of the unsecured public notes for which consents were delivered. 51 Summary of Cash Flow Activity The following table summarizes net cash flows related to operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company: Net cash provided by operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities increased $24.5 million due to: Net cash used in investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities increased by $453.7 million as follows: Significant changes in investing activities include: 52 We plan to continue developing and redeveloping shopping centers for long-term investment. We deployed capital of $161.6 million for the development, redevelopment, and improvement of our real estate properties, comprised of the following: 53 The following table summarizes our development projects (in thousands, except cost PSF): The following table summarizes our completed development projects (in thousands, except cost PSF): (1) Includes leasing costs and is net of tenant reimbursements. Net cash provided by financing activities: Net cash flows generated from financing activities increased by $525.1 million during 2017 ,as follows: 54 Significant financing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 include the following: In January and June, we issued $650.0 million and $300.0 million of senior unsecured public notes, respectively. The notes are in two tranches of which $425.0 million is due in 2047 and $525.0 million is due in 2027. The January proceeds of $648.0 million were used to redeem all of our $250.0 million Series 6 preferred stock and to repay Equity One's $250.0 million term loan and Equity One's outstanding Line balance upon the effective date of the merger. A portion of the June proceeds of $305.1 million was used to retire approximately $112.0 million of loans secured by mortgages with interest rates ranging from 7.0% to 7.8% on various properties and to reduce the outstanding balance on the Line. We intend to use the remainder of the proceeds to redeem all of our $75.0 million Series 7 preferred stock in August and for general corporate purposes. 55 Investments in Real Estate Partnerships The following table is a summary of the unconsolidated combined assets and liabilities of these co-investment partnerships and our pro-rata share: (1) Pro-rata financial information is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that providing such information is useful to investors in assessing the impact of its investments in real estate partnership activities on our operations, which includes such items on a single line presentation under the equity method in our consolidated financial statements. (2) During the first quarter of 2017, the USAA partnership distributed proceeds from debt refinancing in excess of Regency's carrying value of its investment resulting in a negative investment balance, which is recorded within Accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our equity method investments in real estate partnerships consist of the following: (1) Includes investments in real estate partnerships acquired as part of the Equity One merger, which was effective on March 1, 2017. (2) During the first quarter of 2017, the USAA partnership distributed proceeds from debt refinancing in excess of Regency's carrying value of its investment resulting in a negative investment balance of $8.4 million , which is recorded within Accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 56 Notes Payable - Investments in Real Estate Partnerships Scheduled principal repayments on notes payable held by our investments in real estate partnerships were as follows: At June 30, 2017 , our investments in real estate partnerships had notes payable of $1.5 billion maturing through 2031 , of which 98.7% had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 4.7% . The remaining notes payable float over LIBOR and had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.7% . These notes payable are all non-recourse, and our pro-rata share was $529.9 million as of June 30, 2017 . As notes payable mature, we expect they will be repaid from proceeds from new borrowings and/or partner capital contributions. We are obligated to contribute our pro-rata share to fund maturities if they are not refinanced. We believe that our partners are financially sound and have sufficient capital or access thereto to fund future capital requirements. In the event that a co-investment partner was unable to fund its share of the capital requirements of the co-investment partnership, we would have the right, but not the obligation, to loan the defaulting partner the amount of its capital call. Management fee income In addition to earning our pro-rata share of net income or loss in each of these co-investment partnerships, we receive fees, as shown below: Recent Accounting Pronouncements See note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Environmental Matters We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to our shopping centers pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. We believe that the tenants who currently operate dry cleaning plants or gas stations do so in accordance with current laws and regulations. Generally, we use all legal means to cause tenants to remove dry cleaning plants from our shopping centers or convert them to more environmentally friendly systems. Where available, we have applied and been accepted into state-sponsored environmental programs. We have a blanket environmental insurance policy for third-party liabilities and remediation costs on shopping centers that currently have no known environmental contamination. We have also placed environmental insurance, where possible, on specific properties with known contamination, in order to mitigate our environmental risk. We monitor the shopping centers containing environmental issues and in certain cases voluntarily remediate the sites. We also have legal obligations to remediate certain sites and we are in the process of doing so. 57 As of June 30, 2017 we and our Investments in real estate partnerships had accrued liabilities of $10.7 million for our pro-rata share of environmental remediation. We believe that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations; however, we can give no assurance that existing environmental studies on our shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental contaminants and liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties; or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to us. Inflation/Deflation Inflation has been historically low and has had a minimal impact on the operating performance of our shopping centers; however, inflation may become a greater concern in the near future. Substantially all of our long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. Most of our leases require tenants to pay their pro-rata share of operating expenses, including common-area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. In addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increased rents upon re-rental at market rates. However, during deflationary periods or periods of economic weakness, minimum rents and percentage rents typically decline as the supply of available retail space exceeds demand and consumer spending declines. Occupancy declines resulting from a weak economic period will also likely result in lower recovery rates of our operating expenses. 58 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk There have been no material changes from the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk disclosed in item 7A of Part II of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 . Item 4. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers Corporation) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Parent Company's management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the Parent Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, the Parent Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Parent Company in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. On March 1, 2017, we completed the Merger with Equity One, whereby Equity One merged with and into the Parent Company with the Parent Company continuing as the surviving corporation. As permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, we excluded Equity One from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, which represented total assets acquired of $6.7 billion (approximately 60% of Company's Total assets) as of June 30, 2017. We are in the process of integrating Equity One's operations into our internal control structure. None of these integration activities are expected to have a material impact on our system of internal control over financial reporting. There have been no changes in the Parent Company's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the second quarter of 2017 and that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers, L.P.) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership's management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. On March 1, 2017, we completed the Merger with Equity One, whereby Equity One merged with and into the Parent Company with the Parent Company continuing as the surviving corporation. As permitted by SEC guidance for newly acquired businesses, we excluded Equity One from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, which represented total assets of $6.7 billion (approximately 60% of Company's Total assets) as of June 30, 2017. We are in the process of integrating Equity One's operations into our internal control structure. None of these integration activities are expected to have a material impact on our system of internal control over financial reporting. There have been no changes in the Operating Partnership's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the second quarter of 2017 and that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 59 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are a party to various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any litigation nor to our knowledge, is any litigation threatened against us, the outcome of which would, in our judgment based on information currently available to us, have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. After the announcement of the merger agreement on November 14, 2016, a putative class action was filed on behalf of a purported stockholder in the Circuit Court for Duval County, Florida, under the following caption: Robert Garfield on Behalf of Himself and All Others Similarly Situated vs. Regency Centers Corporation, Martin E. Stein, Jr., John C. Schweitzer, Raymond L. Bank, Bryce Blair, C. Ronald Blankenship, J. Dix Druce, Jr., Mary Lou Fiala, David P. O'Connor, and Thomas G. Wattles, No. 16-2017-CA-000688-XXXX-MA, filed February 3, 2017. The class action alleged, among other matters, that the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus filed by Regency and Equity One with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 24, 2017 (the “Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus”) omitted certain material information in connection with the Merger. The complainant sought various remedies, including injunctive relief to prevent the consummation of the Merger unless certain allegedly material information was disclosed and sought compensatory and rescissory damages in the event the Merger was consummated without such disclosures. On February 17, 2017, the defendants entered into a stipulation of settlement with respect to the class action, pursuant to which the parties agreed, among other things, that Regency would make certain supplemental disclosures. The supplemental disclosures were made by Regency in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Regency with the SEC on February 17, 2017. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following represent new, emerging or updated risk factors, and should be read together with the risk factors disclosed in item 1A. of Part I of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 : Risks Relating to Our Industry and Real Estate Investments The integration of bricks and mortar stores with e-commerce retailers may have an adverse impact on our revenue and cash flow. The recent announcement of the proposed merger of Amazon.com with Whole Foods Market, Inc has highlighted the increasing impact of e-commerce on retailers and the shopping habits of retail customers. Although no definite conclusions can be made at this time these trends may also have an impact on decisions that retailers make regarding their bricks and mortar stores. Changes in shopping trends as a result of the growth in e-commerce may also impact the profitability of retailers that do not adapt to changes in market conditions. These conditions could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows if we are unable to meet the needs of our tenants or if our tenants encounter financial difficulties as a result of changing market conditions. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended June 30, 2017 . The following table represents information with respect to purchases by the Parent Company of its common stock during the months in the three month period ended June 30, 2017 . 60 (1) Represents shares repurchased to cover payment of withholding taxes in connection with restricted stock vesting by participants under Regency's Long-Term Omnibus Plan. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. 61 Item 6. Exhibits In reviewing any agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company, its subsidiaries or other parties to the agreements. Each agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we are responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public files, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Unless otherwise indicated below, the Commission file number to the exhibit is No. 001-12298. Ex # Description 62 b. Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2017, by and among Regency Centers, L.P., as borrower, Regency Centers Corporation, as guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2017). c. Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2017, by and among Regency Centers L.P., as borrower, Regency Centers Corporation, as guarantor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2017). d. Forward Master Confirmation, dated May 17, 2017, by and between Regency Centers Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2017). e. Forward Master Confirmation, dated May 17, 2017, by and between Regency Centers Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2017). f. Forward Master Confirmation, dated May 17, 2017, by and between Regency Centers Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2017). g. Forward Master Confirmation, dated May 17, 2017, by and between Regency Centers Corporation and Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.5 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2017). h. Amendment to Forward Sale Agreement dated as of March 17, 2016 between Regency Centers Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2017). 31. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications. 31.1 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.2 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.3 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 31.4 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32. Section 1350 Certifications. 32.1* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 63 32.2* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.3* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32.4* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 101. Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document __________________________ 64 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 65