10-Q 1 reg10-q033119.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-12298 (Regency Centers Corporation) Commission File Number 0-24763 (Regency Centers, L.P.) REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Regency Centers Corporation Regency Centers, L.P. ________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Regency Centers Corporation: Regency Centers, L.P.: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO x Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO x The number of shares outstanding of the Regency Centers Corporation’s common stock was 167,518,691 as of May 9, 2019 . EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 , of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Regency Centers Corporation” or the “Parent Company” mean Regency Centers Corporation and its controlled subsidiaries; and references to “Regency Centers, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” mean Regency Centers, L.P. and its controlled subsidiaries. The term “the Company”,"Regency Centers" or “Regency” means the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively. The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) and the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units (“Units”). As of March 31, 2019 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.8% of the Units in the Operating Partnership. The remaining limited Units are owned by investors. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. The Company believes combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of the Parent Company consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of the Parent Company and employees of the Operating Partnership. The Company believes it is important to understand the key differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. Except for $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt, the Parent Company does not hold any indebtedness, but guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership is also the co-issuer and guarantees $500 million of debt of the Parent Company. The Operating Partnership holds all the assets of the Company and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources include the Operating Partnership's operations, its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of partnership units. Stockholders' equity, partners' capital, and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. The limited partners' units in the Operating Partnership owned by third parties are accounted for in partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements and outside of stockholders' equity in noncontrolling interests in the Parent Company's financial statements. In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections in this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements, controls and procedures sections, and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, while stockholders' equity and partners' capital differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (in thousands, except share data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 1 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 2 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 3 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands) (unaudited) 5 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 (in thousands, except unit data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per unit data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 10 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands) (unaudited) 11 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the three months ended March 31, 2019 , and 2018 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 12 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 General Regency Centers Corporation (the “Parent Company”) began its operations as a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) in 1993 and is the general partner of Regency Centers, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). The Parent Company primarily engages in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, and development and redevelopment of shopping centers through the Operating Partnership, and has no other assets other than through its investment in the Operating Partnership, and its only liabilities are $500 million of unsecured public and private placement notes, which are co-issued and guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. As of March 31, 2019 , the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis owned 302 properties and held partial interests in an additional 117 properties through unconsolidated investments in real estate partnerships (also referred to as "joint ventures" or "investment partnerships"). The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly state the results for the interim periods presented. These adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature. Consolidation The Company consolidates properties that are wholly-owned and properties where it owns less than 100%, but which it has control over the activities most important to the overall success of the partnership. Control is determined using an evaluation based on accounting standards related to the consolidation of Variable Interest Entities ("VIEs") and voting interest entities. Ownership of the Operating Partnership The Operating Partnership’s capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. As of March 31, 2019 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership with the remaining limited common Partnership Units held by third parties (“Exchangeable operating partnership units” or “EOP units”). The EOP units are exchangeable for one share of common stock of the Parent Company and the unit holder cannot require redemption in cash or other assets. The Parent Company classifies EOP units as permanent equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Equity and Comprehensive Income. The Parent Company serves as general partner of the Operating Partnership. The EOP unit holders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have the power to direct the activities of the Operating Partnership. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a VIE, and the Parent Company, which consolidates it, is the primary beneficiary. The Parent Company’s only investment is the Operating Partnership. Net income and distributions of the Operating Partnership are allocable to the general and limited common Partnership Units in accordance with their ownership percentages. Real Estate Partnerships As of March 31, 2019 , Regency had a partial ownership interest in 129 properties through partnerships, of which 12 are consolidated. Regency's partners include institutional investors, other real estate developers and/or operators, and individual parties who had a role in Regency sourcing transactions for development and investment (the "Partners" or "limited partners"). Regency has a variable interest in these entities through its equity interests, with Regency the primary beneficiary in certain of these real estate partnerships. As such, Regency consolidates the partnerships for which it is the primary beneficiary and reports the limited partners’ interests as noncontrolling interests. For those partnerships which Regency is not the primary beneficiary and does not control, but has significant influence, Regency recognizes its investment in them using the equity method of accounting. The assets of these partnerships are restricted to the use of the partnerships and cannot be used by general creditors of the Company. And similarly, the obligations of the partnerships can only be settled by the assets of these partnerships. 13 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 The major classes of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling equity interests held by the Company's consolidated VIEs, exclusive of the Operating Partnership as a whole, are as follows: Leases Lease Income and Tenant Receivables The Company leases space to tenants under agreements with varying terms that generally provide for fixed payments of base rent, with designated increases over the term of the lease. Some of the lease agreements contain provisions that provide for additional rents based on tenants' sales volume ("percentage rent"). Percentage rents are recognized when the tenants achieve the specified targets as defined in their lease agreements. Additionally, most all lease agreements contain provisions for reimbursement of the tenants' share of actual real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance (“CAM”) costs (collectively "Recoverable Costs") incurred. Lease terms generally range from three to seven years for tenant space under 10,000 square feet (“Shop Space”) and in excess of five years for spaces greater than 10,000 square feet (“Anchor Tenants”). Many leases also provide the option for the tenants to extend their lease beyond the initial term of the lease. If the tenants do not exercise renewal options and the leases mature, the tenants must relinquish their space so it can be leased to a new tenant, which generally involves some level of cost to prepare the space for re-leasing. These costs are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the life of the subsequent lease or the life of the improvement. On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the new accounting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 842, Leases, including all related Accounting Standard Updates (“ASU”). The Company elected to use the alternative modified retrospective transition method provided in ASU 2018-11 (the "effective date method"). Under this method, the effective date of January 1, 2019 is the date of initial application. In connection with the adoption of Topic 842, the Company elected a package of practical expedients, transition options, and accounting policy elections as follows: The Company's existing leases were not re-evaluated and continue to be classified as operating leases, as per the practical expedient package elected above. New and modified leases will now require evaluation of 14 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 specific classification criteria, which, based on the customary terms of the Company's leases, should continue to be classified as operating leases. However, certain longer-term leases (both lessee and lessor leases) may be classified as direct financing or sales type leases, which may result in selling profit and an accelerated pattern of earnings recognition. CAM is a non-lease component of the lease contract under Topic 842, and therefore would be accounted for under Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and presented separate from Lease income in the Statements of Operations, based on an allocation of the overall contract price, which is not necessarily the amount that would be billable to the tenants for CAM reimbursements per the terms of the lease contract. As the timing and pattern of providing the CAM service to the tenant is the same as the timing and pattern of the tenants' use of the underlying lease asset, the Company elected, as part of the package of practical expedients, to combine CAM with the remaining lease components, along with tenants' reimbursement of real estate taxes and insurance, and recognize them together as Lease income in the accompanying Statements of Operations. Lease income for operating leases with fixed payment terms is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the lease for all leases for which collectibility is considered probable at the commencement date. At lease commencement, the Company expects that collectibility is probable for all of its leases due to the Company’s credit checks on tenants and other creditworthiness analysis undertaken before entering into a new lease; therefore, income from all operating leases is initially recognized on a straight-line basis. Lease income each period is reduced by amounts considered uncollectible on a lease-by-lease basis, with any changes in collectibility assessments recognized as a current period adjustment to Lease income. For operating leases in which collectibility of Lease income is not considered probable, Lease income is recognized on a cash basis and all previously recognized uncollectible Lease income is reversed in the period in which the Lease income is determined not to be probable of collection. Topic 842 also changes the treatment of leasing costs, such that non-contingent internal leasing and legal costs associated with leasing activities can no longer be capitalized. The Company, as a lessor, may only defer as initial direct costs the incremental costs of a tenant operating lease that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. These costs generally include third party broker payments, which are capitalized to Deferred leasing costs in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the expected term of the lease to Depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lease Obligations The Company has 22 properties within its consolidated real estate portfolio that are either partially or completely on land subject to ground leases with third parties, which are all classified as operating leases. Accordingly, the Company owns only a long-term leasehold or similar interest in these properties. The building and improvements constructed on the leased land are capitalized as Real estate assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the lease term. These ground leases expire through the year 2101 , and in most cases, provide for renewal options. In addition, the Company has non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to office space from which it conducts its business. Office leases expire through the year 2029 , and in most cases, provide for renewal options. Leasehold improvements are capitalized as tenant improvements, included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the lease term. Upon the adoption of Topic 842 the Company has recognized Lease liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets for its ground and office leases of $225.4 million at January 1, 2019, and corresponding Right of use assets of $297.8 million , net of or including the opening balance for straight line rent and above / below market ground lease intangibles related to these same ground and office leases. A key input in estimating the Lease liabilities and resulting Right of use assets is establishing the discount rate in the lease, which requires additional inputs for the longer-term ground leases, including interest rates that correspond with the remaining term of the lease, the Company's credit spread, and a securitization adjustment necessary to reflect the collateralized payment terms present in the lease. See Note 7, Leases, for additional disclosures. The ground and office lease expenses continue to be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the leases, including management's estimate of expected option renewal periods. For ground leases, the 15 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 Company generally assumes it will exercise options through the latest option date of that shopping center's anchor tenant lease. Revenues and Other Receivables Other property income includes incidental income from the properties and is generally recognized at the point in time that the performance obligation is met. All income from contracts with the Company's real estate partnerships is included within Management, transaction and other fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The primary components of these revenue streams, the timing of satisfying the performance obligations, and amounts recognized are as follows: The accounts receivable for the above Other property income and management services, which are included within Tenant and other receivables in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, are $11.0 million and $12.5 million , as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , respectively. Reclassifications Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation, including amounts in Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, and in Lease income and Other property income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 16 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 Recent Accounting Pronouncements The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements and expected impact on our financial statements: 17 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 18 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 The following table details the shopping centers acquired or land acquired or leased for development: 3. Property Dispositions Dispositions The following table provides a summary of consolidated shopping centers and land parcels disposed of during the periods set forth below: At March 31, 2019 , the Company also had one property classified within Properties held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 19 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 4. Other Assets The following table represents the components of Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets: The following table presents the goodwill balances and activity during the year to date periods ended: As the Company identifies properties ("reporting units") that no longer meet its investment criteria, it will evaluate the property for potential sale. A decision to sell a reporting unit results in the need to evaluate its goodwill for recoverability and may result in impairment. If events occur that trigger an impairment evaluation at multiple reporting units, a goodwill impairment may be significant. 20 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 5. Notes Payable and Unsecured Credit Facilities The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following: Significant financing activity during 2019 includes: 21 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2019 , scheduled principal payments and maturities on notes payable and unsecured credit facilities were as follows: The Company was in compliance as of March 31, 2019 with the financial and other covenants under its unsecured public and private placement debt and unsecured credit facilities. 6. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company may use derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, caps, options, floors, and other interest rate derivative contracts, to hedge all or a portion of the interest rate risk associated with its borrowings. The principal objective of such arrangements is to minimize the risks and/or costs associated with the Company’s operating and financial structure as well as to hedge specific anticipated transactions. The Company does not intend to utilize derivatives for speculative or other purposes other than interest rate risk management. The use of derivative financial instruments carries certain risks, including the risk that the counterparties to these contractual arrangements are not able to perform under the agreements. To mitigate this risk, the Company only enters into derivative financial instruments with counterparties with high credit ratings and with major financial institutions with which the Company and its affiliates may also have other financial relationships. The Company does not anticipate that any of the counterparties will fail to meet their obligations. The Company’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 22 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of the Company's derivative financial instruments, as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: These derivative financial instruments are all interest rate swaps, which are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and, as of March 31, 2019 , does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. The Company has master netting agreements; however, the Company does not have multiple derivatives subject to a single master netting agreement with the same counterparties. Therefore, none are offset in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The following table represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the accompanying consolidated financial statements: As of March 31, 2019 , the Company expects approximately $1.6 million of net deferred losses on derivative instruments in AOCI, including the Company's share from its Investments in real estate partnerships, to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. Included in the reclassification is $7.1 million related to previously settled swaps on the Company's ten and thirty year fixed rate unsecured debt. 23 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 7. Leases Lessor Accounting The Company's Lease income is comprised of both fixed and variable income, as follows: Fixed and in-substance fixed lease income includes stated amounts per the lease contract, which are primarily related to base rent, and in some cases stated amounts for CAM, real estate taxes, and insurance. Income for these amounts is recognized on a straight line basis. Variable lease income includes the following two main items in the lease contracts: Recoveries from tenants represents amounts which tenants are contractually obligated to reimburse the Company for the tenants’ portion of actual Recoverable Costs incurred. Generally the Company’s leases provide for the tenants to reimburse the Company based on the tenants’ share of the actual costs incurred in proportion to the tenants’ share of leased space in the property. Percentage rent represents amounts billable to tenants based on the tenants' actual sales volume in excess of levels specified in the lease contract. The following table provides a disaggregation of lease income recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2019, under ASC Topic 842, Leases , as either fixed or variable lease income based on the criteria specified in ASC 842: Future minimum rents under non-cancelable operating leases as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , excluding variable lease payments, are as follows: 24 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 Lessee Accounting The Company has shopping centers that are subject to non-cancelable, long-term ground leases where a third party owns the underlying land and has leased the land to the Company to construct and/or operate a shopping center. The Company has 22 properties within its consolidated real estate portfolio that are either partially or completely on land subject to ground leases with third parties. Accordingly, the Company owns only a long-term leasehold or similar interest in these properties. These ground leases expire through the year 2101 , and in most cases, provide for renewal options. Buildings and improvements constructed on the leased land are capitalized as Real estate assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the lease term. In addition, the Company has non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to office space from which it conducts its business. Office leases expire through the year 2029 , and in most cases, provide for renewal options. Leasehold improvements are capitalized as tenant improvements, included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the lease term. The ground and office lease expense continues to be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the leases, including management's estimate of expected option renewal periods. Operating lease expense under the Company's ground and office leases was as follows, including straight lined rent expense and variable lease expenses such as CPI increases, performance based rent and reimbursements of landlord costs: Operating lease expense under the Company's ground and office leases was $5.3 million and $4.2 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively, which includes fixed and variable rent expense. 25 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 The following table summarizes the undiscounted future cash flows by year attributable to the operating lease liabilities under ground and office leases as of March 31, 2019 , and provides a reconciliation to the Lease liability included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets: The following table summarizes the future obligations under non-cancelable operating leases, excluding unexercised renewal options, as of December 31, 2018 : 26 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 8. Fair Value Measurements (a) Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments All financial instruments of the Company are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at amounts which, in management's estimation, reasonably approximate their fair values, except for the following: The above fair values represent management's estimate of the amounts that would be received from selling those assets or that would be paid to transfer those liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , respectively. These fair value measurements maximize the use of observable inputs. However, in situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date, the fair value measurement reflects the Company's own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops its judgments based on the best information available at the measurement date, including expected cash flows, appropriate risk-adjusted discount rates, and available observable and unobservable inputs. Service providers involved in fair value measurements are evaluated for competency and qualifications on an ongoing basis. As considerable judgment is often necessary to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments, the fair values presented above are not necessarily indicative of amounts that will be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. (b) Fair Value Measurements The following financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Securities The Company has investments in marketable securities that are included within other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the securities was determined using quoted prices in active markets, which are considered Level 1 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the value of securities are recorded within Net investment (income) loss in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, and include unrealized gains of $2.2 million and unrealized losses of $384,000 , during the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Available-for-sale debt securities consist of investments in certificates of deposit and corporate bonds, and are recorded at fair value using matrix pricing methods to estimate fair value, which are considered Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unrealized gains or losses on these debt securities are recognized through other comprehensive income. Interest Rate Derivatives The fair value of the Company's interest rate derivatives is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit 27 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its interest rate swaps. As a result, the Company determined that its interest rate swaps valuation in its entirety is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: There were no assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March 31, 2019 . The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2018 : During the year-ended December 31, 2018 , the Company remeasured three properties, classified as held for sale, to fair value based on the expected selling price. Two of these three properties have been sold and the third continues to be classified as held for sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 28 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 9. Equity and Capital Common Stock of the Parent Company At the Market ("ATM") Program Under the Parent Company's ATM equity offering program, the Parent Company may sell up to $500 million of common stock at prices determined by the market at the time of sale. There were no shares issued under the ATM equity program during the three months ended March 31, 2019 or 2018 . As of March 31, 2019 , all $500 million of common stock remained available for issuance under this ATM equity program. Share Repurchase Program On February 7, 2018, the Company's Board authorized a common share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase, from time to time, up to $250 million worth of shares of its outstanding common stock through open market purchases and/or in privately negotiated transactions. Any shares purchased will be retired. In January 2019, the Company settled 563,229 shares, repurchased in December 2018, for $32.8 million at an average price of $58.17 per share, under this repurchase program. The program was scheduled to expire on February 6, 2020 ; however, the program was closed upon the authorization by the Company's Board of a new share repurchase program, as further discussed below. On February 5, 2019, the Company's Board authorized a new common share repurchase program under which the Company, may purchase, from time to time, up to a maximum of $250 million of shares of its outstanding common stock through open market purchases and/or in privately negotiated transactions. Any shares purchased will be retired. The program is set to expire on February 4, 2020 . The timing and actual number of shares purchased under the program depend upon marketplace conditions and other factors. The program remains subject to the discretion of the Board. Through March 31, 2019, no shares have been repurchased under this new program. Common Units of the Operating Partnership Common units of the operating partnership are issued or redeemed and retired for each of the shares of Parent Company common stock issued or repurchased and retired, as described above. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ("AOCI") The following tables present changes in the balances of each component of AOCI: 29 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 10. Stock-Based Compensation During the three months ended March 31, 2019 , the Company granted 233,237 shares of restricted stock with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $65.02 per share. The Company records stock-based compensation expense within General and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 11. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan ("NQDCP") The Company maintains a NQDCP which allows select employees and directors to defer part or all of their cash bonus, director fees, and vested restricted stock awards. All contributions into the participants' accounts are fully vested upon contribution to the NQDCP and are deposited in a Rabbi trust. The following table reflects the balances of the assets and deferred compensation liabilities of the Rabbi trust and related participant account obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding Regency stock: 30 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 12. Earnings per Share and Unit Parent Company Earnings per Share The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: Income allocated to noncontrolling interests of the Operating Partnership has been excluded from the numerator and exchangeable Operating Partnership units have been omitted from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share since the effect of including these amounts in the numerator and denominator would be anti-dilutive. Weighted average exchangeable Operating Partnership units outstanding for both the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were 349,902 for both periods. Operating Partnership Earnings per Unit The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit: 13. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation The Company is involved in litigation on a number of matters and is subject to certain claims, which arise in the normal course of business, none of which, in the opinion of management, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. 31 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2019 Environmental The Company is also subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to real estate pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. The Company believes that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on its financial position, liquidity, or operations. The Company can give no assurance that existing environmental studies with respect to the shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental contaminants or liabilities, that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to it, that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties, or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to the Company. Letters of Credit The Company has the right to issue letters of credit under the Line up to an amount not to exceed $50.0 million , which reduces the credit availability under the Line. These letters of credit are primarily issued as collateral on behalf of its captive insurance program and to facilitate the construction of development projects. As of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 , the Company had $12.6 million and $9.4 million , respectively in letters of credit outstanding. Purchase Commitments The Company enters into purchase and sale agreements to buy or sell real estate assets in the normal course of business, which generally provide limited recourse if either party ends the contract. At March 31, 2019 , the Company has an option to purchase up to an additional 81.63% ownership interest in an operating shopping center by December 2019 and currently expects to acquire an additional 16.63% interest by that date for approximately $16.7 million . 32 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, the following information contains forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated changes in our revenues, the size of our development and redevelopment program, earnings per share and unit, returns and portfolio value, and expectations about our liquidity. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the real estate industry and markets in which the Company operates, and management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to changes in national and local economic conditions, financial difficulties of tenants, competitive market conditions, including timing and pricing of acquisitions and sales of properties and building pads ("out-parcels"), changes in leasing activity and market rents, timing of development starts, meeting development schedules, natural disasters in geographic areas in which we operate, cost of environmental remediation, our inability to exercise voting control over the co-investment partnerships through which we own many of our properties, and technology disruptions. For additional information, see “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 . The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. appearing elsewhere herein. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of uncertain events. Defined Terms In addition to the required Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") presentations, we use certain non-GAAP performance measures as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operational results. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. The following terms, as defined, are commonly used by management and the investing public to understand and evaluate our operational results: Many companies use different depreciable lives and methods, and real estate values historically fluctuate with market conditions. Since NAREIT FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and gains on sale and impairments of real estate, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, acquisition and development activities, and financing costs. This provides a perspective of our financial performance not immediately apparent from net income determined in accordance with GAAP. Thus, NAREIT FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of our operating performance, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP; and, 33 therefore, should not be considered a substitute measure of cash flows from operations. The Company provides a reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders to NAREIT FFO. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of certain operating metrics, along with other non-GAAP measures, makes comparisons of other REITs' operating results to the Company's more meaningful. The pro-rata information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts and is intended to more accurately reflect our proportionate economic interest in the operating results of properties in our portfolio. We do not control the unconsolidated investment partnerships, and the pro-rata presentations of the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses do not represent our legal claim to such items. The partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the operating agreements, which provide for such allocations according to their invested capital. Our share of invested capital establishes the ownership interests we use to prepare our pro-rata share. The presentation of pro-rata information has limitations which include, but are not limited to, the following: Because of these limitations, the pro-rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the pro-rata information as a supplement. 34 Overview of Our Strategy Regency Centers Corporation began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993 , and, as of March 31, 2019 , had full or partial ownership interests in 419 retail properties primarily anchored by market leading grocery stores. Our properties are principally located in affluent and infill trade areas of the United States, and contain 52.6 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). All of our operating, investing, and financing activities are performed through our Operating Partnership, Regency Centers, L.P., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and through our co-investment partnerships. As of March 31, 2019 , the Parent Company owns approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common partnership units of the Operating Partnership. Our mission is to be the preeminent national owner, operator, and developer of shopping centers connecting outstanding retailers and service providers with surrounding neighborhoods and communities. Our goals are to: Executing on our Strategy During the three months ended March 31, 2019 : We had Net income attributable to common stockholders of $90.4 million as compared to $52.7 million during the three months ended March 31, 2018 . We sustained same property NOI growth: We continued our development and redevelopment of high quality shopping centers at attractive returns on investment: We maintained a conservative balance sheet providing financial flexibility to cost effectively fund investment opportunities and debt maturities: 35 Property Portfolio The following table summarizes general information related to the Consolidated Properties in our portfolio: The following table summarizes general information related to the Unconsolidated Properties owned in co-investment partnerships in our portfolio: For the purpose of the following disclosures of occupancy and leasing activity, "anchor space" is considered space greater than or equal to 10,000 SF and "shop space" is less than 10,000 SF. The following table summarizes pro-rata occupancy rates of our combined Consolidated and Unconsolidated shopping center portfolio: The decline in anchor space percent leased is primarily attributable to the closure of one Sears and one K-Mart location as a result of the Sears bankruptcy filing. 36 The following table summarizes leasing activity, including our pro-rata share of activity within the portfolio of our co-investment partnerships: The weighted average base rent on signed shop space leases during 2019 was $32.75 and exceeds the average annual base rent of all shop space leases due to expire during the next 12 months of $31.50 PSF. In the anchor category, base rent PSF on new leases decreased due to the limited volume and geographic location of anchor deals in 2019 as compared to 2018. On a comparable basis, new anchor deal rent spreads were positive. 37 Significant Tenants and Concentrations of Risk We seek to reduce our operating and leasing risks through geographic diversification and by avoiding dependence on any single property, market, or tenant. The following table summarizes our most significant tenants, based on their percentage of annualized base rent: Bankruptcies and Credit Concerns Our management team devotes significant time to researching and monitoring retail trends, consumer preferences, customer shopping behaviors, changes in retail delivery methods, and changing demographics in order to anticipate the challenges and opportunities impacting the retail industry. A greater shift to e-commerce, large-scale retail business failures, and tight credit markets could negatively impact consumer spending and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We seek to mitigate these potential impacts through tenant diversification, replacing weaker tenants with stronger operators, anchoring our centers with market leading grocery stores that drive foot traffic, and maintaining a presence in affluent suburbs and dense infill trade areas. As a result of our research and findings, we may reduce new leasing, suspend leasing, or curtail allowances for construction of leasehold improvements within a certain retail category or to a specific retailer in order to reduce our risk from bankruptcies and store closings. We closely monitor the operating performance and rent collections of tenants in our shopping centers as well as those retailers experiencing significant changes to their business models as a result of reduced customer traffic in their stores and increased competition from e-commerce sales. Retailers who are unable to withstand these and other business pressures may file for bankruptcy. Although base rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy generally have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. Any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant for unpaid rent might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. Additionally, we may incur significant expense to recover our claim and to release the vacated space. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and cancels its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues. Tenants who are in bankruptcy and continue to occupy space in our shopping centers at March 31, 2019 represent an aggregate of 0.2% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis. 38 Results from Operations Comparison of the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 : Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: (1) As discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Regency adopted ASC Topic 842, Leases , using the modified retrospective adoption method as of January 1, 2019, and elected to apply the transition provisions of the standard at the beginning of the period of adoption. As such, the prior period amounts prepared and presented under the former ASC Topic 840, Leases , were not restated, but were reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. Part of the practical expedients in ASC Topic 842 allow management to avoid separating lease and non-lease components of Lease income, therefore all lease income earned pursuant to tenant leases, including recoveries from tenants and percentage rent, in 2019 and as reclassified for 2018, is reflected in Lease income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lease income increased $9.8 million , driven by the following contractually billable components of rent to the tenants per the lease agreements: $5.0 million increase from billable base rent, as follows: $2.3 million increase from billable Recoveries from tenants, which represent amounts contractually billable to tenants per the terms of the leases for their reimbursements to us for the tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased, on a net basis, as follows: $632,000 decrease in Percentage rent primarily due to timing of tenant sales reporting. $5.0 million increase in Above and below market rent amortization within our same property portfolio, primarily driven by accelerated amortization related to 2019 tenant move-outs. $1.0 million decrease in Other lease income from lower termination and assignment fees. $0.9 million decrease from uncollectible lease income. Beginning with the adoption of ASC 842, Leases , on January 1, 2019, uncollectible lease income is recorded as a direct charge against Lease income. The uncollectible lease income was $0.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , as compared to $1.2 million of Provision for doubtful accounts during the three months ended March 31, 2018, which is included in Other operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 39 Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased, on a net basis, as follows: Operating and maintenance costs decreased, on a net basis, as follows: General and administrative increased, on a net basis, as follows: Real estate taxes increased, on a net basis, as follows: Provision for doubtful accounts was $1.2 million during the three months ended March 31, 2018 . Beginning with the adoption of ASC 842, Leases , on January 1, 2019, uncollectible lease income is a direct charge against Lease income. The uncollectible lease income was $0.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , as compared to $1.2 million of Provision for doubtful accounts during the three months ended March 31, 2018. 40 Other operating expenses increased $697,000, attributable to an increase in taxes, legal, and abandoned pursuit costs recognized in 2019. The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $1.0 million net increase in total interest expense is driven by $1.2 million increase due to lower capitalization of interest based on the size and progress of development and redevelopment projects in process. During the three months ended March 31, 2019 , we recognized $1.7 million of impairment losses on two operating properties which were sold. During the three months ended March 31, 2018 , we recognized $16.1 million of impairment losses on two operating properties, both of which have been sold. During the three months ended March 31, 2019 , we sold 2 operating properties and 2 land parcels for gains totaling $16.5 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2019 , we early redeemed the $250 million 4.8% senior unsecured notes resulting in $10.6 million of debt extinguishment costs. During the same period in 2018 , we modified our Line, resulting in $162,000 of debt extinguishment costs. Net investment income increased $2.3 million, primarily driven by changes in unrealized gains of plan assets held in the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships increased as follows: The $20.5 million increase in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to the following changes: 41 The following represents the remaining components that comprised net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: 42 Supplemental Earnings Information We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to certain performance metrics determined under GAAP, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operating results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of operating results regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, may assist in comparing the Company's operating results to other REITs. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. See "Defined Terms" at the beginning of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. Pro-Rata Same Property NOI: Our pro-rata same property NOI, excluding termination fees, changed from the following major components: Billable Base rent increased $5.7 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , driven by increases in rental rate growth on new and renewal leases, and contractual rent steps from leases, offset by fewer rent commencements. Billable Recoveries from tenants increased $2.2 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , as a result of increases in recoverable real estate taxes, as noted below. Operating and maintenance expenses decreased $1.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , primarily due to lower snow removal costs. Real estate taxes increased $3.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019 , due to higher real estate tax assessments. 43 Same Property Rollforward: Our same property pool includes the following property count, pro-rata GLA, and changes therein: NAREIT FFO: Our reconciliation of net income attributable to common stock and unit holders to NAREIT FFO is as follows: 44 Same Property NOI Reconciliation: Our reconciliation of property revenues and property expenses to Same Property NOI, on a pro-rata basis, is as follows: 45 Liquidity and Capital Resources General We use cash flows generated from operating, investing, and financing activities to strengthen our balance sheet, finance our development and redevelopment projects, fund our investment activities, and maintain financial flexibility. We continuously monitor the capital markets and evaluate our ability to issue new debt or equity, to repay maturing debt, or fund our capital commitments. Except for $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt, our Parent Company has no capital commitments other than its guarantees of the commitments of our Operating Partnership. All remaining debt is held by our Operating Partnership or by our co-investment partnerships. The Operating Partnership is a co-issuer and a guarantor of the $500 million of outstanding debt of our Parent Company. The Parent Company will from time to time access the capital markets for the purpose of issuing new equity and will simultaneously contribute all of the offering proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional partnership units. Based upon our available sources of capital, our current credit ratings, and the number of high quality, unencumbered properties we own, we believe our available capital resources are sufficient to meet our expected capital needs. In addition to our $39.5 million of unrestricted cash, we have the following additional sources of capital available: Our dividend distribution policy is set by our Board of Directors, who monitors our financial position. Our Board of Directors recently declared a common stock dividend of $0.585 per share, payable on May 23, 2019, to shareholders of record as of May 13, 2019. Future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be subject to capital requirements and availability. We plan to continue paying an aggregate amount of distributions to our stock and unit holders that, at a minimum, meet the requirements to continue qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We expect to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our dividend distributions. We generated cash flow from operations of approximately $131.4 million and $149.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. We paid $97.8 million and $95.0 million to our common stock and unit holders for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 , respectively. To meet our additional cash requirements beyond our dividend, we will utilize the following: 46 We also expect to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, after dividends paid, to fund our cash requirements during the next twelve months, which we estimate will total approximately $182.0 million to fund the following: If we start new developments, redevelop additional shopping centers, commit to new acquisitions, prepay debt prior to maturity, or repurchase shares of our common stock, our cash requirements will increase. If we refinance maturing debt, our cash requirements will decrease. In addition, we have an option to purchase, through December 2019, up to an additional 81.63% ownership interest in an operating shopping center. We currently expect the seller to require us to purchase an additional 16.63% ownership interest in the property by December 2019 for approximately $16.7 million. We endeavor to maintain a high percentage of unencumbered assets. As of December 31, 2018 , 87.7% of our wholly-owned real estate assets were unencumbered. Such assets allow us to access the secured and unsecured debt markets and to maintain availability on the Line. Our annualized Fixed charge coverage ratio, including our pro-rata share of our partnerships, was 4.2 times for each of the periods ended March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 . Our Line, Term Loans, and unsecured loans require that we remain in compliance with various covenants, which are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 . We are in compliance with these covenants at March 31, 2019 and expect to remain in compliance. Summary of Cash Flow Activity The following table summarizes net cash flows related to operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company: Net cash provided by operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $18.5 million due to: 47 Net cash used in investing activities: Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities changed by $154.2 million as follows: Significant changes in investing activities include: During the same period in 2018 , we invested $39.3 million ,including: 48 We plan to continue developing and redeveloping shopping centers for long-term investment. During 2019 , we deployed capital of $39.9 million for the development, redevelopment, and improvement of our real estate properties, comprised of the following: 49 The following table summarizes our in-process consolidated development projects: The following table summarizes our pro-rata share of in-process unconsolidated development projects: Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities: Net cash flows generated from financing activities changed by $182.4 million during 2019 , as follows: 50 Significant financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 include the following: 51 Investments in Real Estate Partnerships The following table is a summary of the unconsolidated combined assets and liabilities of these co-investment partnerships and our pro-rata share: Our equity method investments in real estate partnerships consist of the following: 52 Notes Payable - Investments in Real Estate Partnerships Scheduled principal repayments on notes payable held by our investments in real estate partnerships were as follows: At March 31, 2019 , our investments in real estate partnerships had notes payable of $1.6 billion maturing through 2034 , of which 92.0% had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 4.5% . The remaining notes payable float over LIBOR and had a weighted average variable interest rate of 4.7% . These fixed and variable rate notes payable are all non-recourse, and our pro-rata share was $524.3 million as of March 31, 2019 . As notes payable mature, we expect they will be repaid from proceeds from new borrowings and/or partner capital contributions. We believe that our partners are financially sound and have sufficient capital or access thereto to fund future capital requirements. In the event that a co-investment partner was unable to fund its share of the capital requirements of the co-investment partnership, we would have the right, but not the obligation, to loan the defaulting partner the amount of its capital call. Management fee income In addition to earning our pro-rata share of net income or loss in each of these co-investment partnerships, we receive fees, as shown below: Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Environmental Matters We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to our shopping centers pertaining primarily to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. We believe that the tenants who currently operate dry cleaning plants or gas stations do so in accordance with current laws and regulations. Generally, we use all legal means to cause tenants to remove dry cleaning plants from our shopping centers or convert them to more environmentally friendly systems. Where available, we have applied and been accepted into state-sponsored environmental programs. We have a blanket environmental insurance policy for third-party liabilities and remediation costs on shopping centers that currently have no known environmental contamination. We have also placed environmental insurance, where possible, on specific properties with known contamination, in order to mitigate our environmental risk. We monitor the shopping centers containing environmental issues and in certain cases voluntarily remediate the sites. We also have legal obligations to remediate certain sites and we are in the process of doing so. 53 As of March 31, 2019 we and our Investments in real estate partnerships had accrued liabilities of $9.0 million for our pro-rata share of environmental remediation. We believe that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations; however, we can give no assurance that existing environmental studies on our shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties; or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to us. Inflation/Deflation Inflation has been historically low and has had a minimal impact on the operating performance of our shopping centers; however, inflation may become a greater concern in the near future. Substantially all of our long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation, which require tenants to pay their pro-rata share of operating expenses, including common-area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. In addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increased rents upon re-rental at market rates. However, during deflationary periods or periods of economic weakness, minimum rents and percentage rents will decline as the supply of available retail space exceeds demand and consumer spending declines. Occupancy declines will result in lower recovery rates of our operating expenses. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk There have been no material changes from the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk disclosed in item 7A of Part II of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 . Item 4. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers Corporation) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Parent Company's management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the Parent Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, the Parent Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Parent Company in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Other than the implementation of ASC Topic 842, Leases , t here have been no changes in the Parent Company's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the first quarter of 2019 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers, L.P.) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership's management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 54 Other than the implementation of ASC Topic 842, Leases , there have been no changes in the Operating Partnership's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the first quarter of 2019 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are a party to various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any litigation nor to our knowledge, is any litigation threatened against us, the outcome of which would, in our judgment based on information currently available to us, have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in item 1A. of Part I of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended March 31, 2019 . The following table represents information with respect to purchases by the Parent Company of its common stock, by month, during the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. 55 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits In reviewing any agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company, its subsidiaries or other parties to the agreements. Each agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we are responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public files, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Unless otherwise indicated below, the Commission file number to the exhibit is No. 001-12298. Ex # Description 31. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications. 31.1 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.2 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.3 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 31.4 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32. Section 1350 Certifications. 32.1 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.2 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.3 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32.4 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 101. Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 56 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 57 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 58