10-Q 1 reg10-q093018.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-12298 (Regency Centers Corporation) Commission File Number 0-24763 (Regency Centers, L.P.) REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Regency Centers Corporation: Regency Centers, L.P.: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO x Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO x The number of shares outstanding of the Regency Centers Corporation’s common stock was 169,443,126 as of October 31, 2018 . EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 , of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Regency Centers Corporation” or the “Parent Company” mean Regency Centers Corporation and its controlled subsidiaries; and references to “Regency Centers, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” mean Regency Centers, L.P. and its controlled subsidiaries. The term “the Company”,"Regency Centers" or “Regency” means the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively. The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) and the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units (“Units”). As of September 30, 2018 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.8% of the Units in the Operating Partnership. The remaining limited Units are owned by investors. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. The Company believes combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of the Parent Company consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of the Parent Company and employees of the Operating Partnership. The Company believes it is important to understand the key differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. Except for the $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt assumed with the Equity One merger on March 1, 2017, the Parent Company does not hold any indebtedness, but guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership is also the co-issuer and guarantees the $500 million of debt of the Parent Company assumed in the Equity One merger. The Operating Partnership holds all the assets of the Company and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources include the Operating Partnership's operations, its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of partnership units. Stockholders' equity, partners' capital, and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. The limited partners' units in the Operating Partnership owned by third parties are accounted for in partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements and outside of stockholders' equity in noncontrolling interests in the Parent Company's financial statements. In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections in this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements, controls and procedures sections, and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, while stockholders' equity and partners' capital differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (in thousands, except share data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 1 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 2 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 3 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands) (unaudited) 5 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , and 2017 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (in thousands, except unit data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per unit data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 10 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands) (unaudited) 11 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , and 2017 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 12 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 General Regency Centers Corporation (the “Parent Company”) began its operations as a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) in 1993 and is the general partner of Regency Centers, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). The Parent Company primarily engages in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, and development and redevelopment of shopping centers through the Operating Partnership, and has no other assets other than through its investment in the Operating Partnership, and its only liabilities are the unsecured notes assumed from the merger with Equity One, Inc. ("Equity One"), which are co-issued and guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company guarantees all of the unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership. As of September 30, 2018 , the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis owned 306 properties and held partial interests in an additional 120 properties through unconsolidated investments in real estate partnerships (also referred to as "joint ventures" or "investment partnerships"). The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly state the results for the interim periods presented. These adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature. Consolidation The Company consolidates properties that are wholly owned and properties where it owns less than 100%, but which it controls. Control is determined using an evaluation based on accounting standards related to the consolidation of voting interest entities and variable interest entities ("VIEs"). For joint ventures that are determined to be a VIE, the Company consolidates the entity where it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Determination of the primary beneficiary is based on whether an entity has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company's determination of the primary beneficiary considers all relationships between it and the VIE, including management agreements and other contractual arrangements. Ownership of the Operating Partnership The Operating Partnership’s capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. As of September 30, 2018 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership with the remaining limited common Partnership Units held by third parties (“Exchangeable operating partnership units” or “EOP units”). The EOP units are exchangeable for one share of common stock of the Parent Company and the unit holder cannot require redemption in cash or other assets. The Parent Company classifies EOP units as permanent equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Equity and Comprehensive Income. The Parent Company serves as general partner of the Operating Partnership. The EOP unit holders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have the power to direct the activities of the Operating Partnership. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a VIE, and the Parent Company, which consolidates it, is the primary beneficiary. The Parent Company’s only investment is the Operating Partnership. Net income and distributions of the Operating Partnership are allocable to the general and limited common Partnership Units in accordance with their ownership percentages. Real Estate Partnerships As of September 30, 2018 , Regency had a partial ownership interest in 131 properties through partnerships, of which 11 are consolidated. Regency's partners include institutional investors, other real estate developers and/or operators, and individual parties who had a role in Regency sourcing transactions for development and investment (the "Partners" or "limited partners"). Regency has a variable interest in these entities through its equity interests. As managing member, Regency maintains the books and records and typically provides leasing and property management to the partnerships. The partners’ level of involvement varies from protective decisions (debt, bankruptcy, selling primary asset(s) of the business) to involvement in approving leases, operating budgets, and capital budgets. 13 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 The majority of the operations of the VIEs are funded with cash flows generated by the properties, or in the case of developments, with capital contributions or third party construction loans. Regency does not provide financial support to the VIEs. The assets of these partnerships are restricted to the use of the partnerships and cannot be used by general creditors of the Company. And similarly, the obligations of the partnerships can only be settled by the assets of these partnerships. The major classes of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling equity interests held by the Company's consolidated VIEs, exclusive of the Operating Partnership as a whole, are as follows: 14 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 Revenues and Tenant and Other Receivables On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted the new accounting guidance for revenue recognition (Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , “Topic 606”), as discussed further in the section below, Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Upon adoption of the new standard, certain of the Company's significant accounting policies subject to Topic 606 have been updated. The Company adopted Topic 606 using a modified retrospective approach and applied the transition practical expedients allowed by the standard. Additionally, the Company applied the practical expedient related to the remaining performance obligations, because all of its performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time, are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less, or are considered to be a series of performance obligations where variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied distinct day of service that forms part of the series, such that the Company does not need to estimate variable consideration to recognize revenue. Subsequent to the adoption of Topic 606, the Company recognizes revenue when or as control of the promised services are transferred to its customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The following is a description of the Company's revenue from contracts with customers which is in the scope of Topic 606. Property and Asset Management Services The Company is engaged under agreements with its joint venture partnerships, which are generally perpetual in nature and cancellable through unanimous partner approval, absent an event of default. Under these agreements, the Company is to provide asset management, property management, and leasing services for the joint ventures' shopping centers. The fees are market-based, generally calculated as a percentage of either revenues earned or the estimated values of the properties managed or the proceeds received, and are recognized over the monthly or quarterly periods as services are rendered. Property management and asset management services represent a series of distinct daily services. Accordingly, the Company satisfies its performance obligation as service is rendered each day and the variability associated with that compensation is resolved each day. Amounts due from the partnerships for such services are paid during the month following the monthly or quarterly service periods. Several of the Company’s partnership agreements provide for incentive payments, generally referred to as “promotes” or “earnouts,” to Regency for appreciation in property values in Regency's capacity as manager. The terms of these promotes are based on appreciation in real estate value over designated time intervals. The Company evaluates its expected promote payout at each reporting period, which generally does not result in revenue recognition until the measurement period has completed, when the amount can be reasonably determined and the amount is not probable of significant reversal. The Company did not recognize any promote revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 or 2017 . Leasing Services Leasing service fees are based on a percentage of the total rent due under the lease. The leasing service is considered performed upon successful execution of an acceptable tenant lease for the joint ventures’ shopping centers, at which time revenue is recognized. Payment of the first half of the fee is generally due upon lease execution and the second half is generally due upon tenant opening or rent payments commencing. Transaction Services The Company also receives transaction fees, as contractually agreed upon with each joint venture, which include acquisition fees, disposition fees, and financing service fees. Control of these services is generally transferred at the time the related transaction closes, which is the point in time when the Company recognizes the related fee revenue. Any unpaid amounts related to transaction-based fees are included in Accounts receivable. 15 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 All income from contracts with the Company's real estate partnerships is included within Management, transaction and other fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as follows: The accounts receivable for management services, which are included within Tenant and other receivables in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, are $10.1 million and $8.7 million , as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , respectively. Real Estate Sales On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted the new accounting guidance for sales of nonfinancial assets (“Subtopic 610-20”), as discussed further in the section below, Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Upon adoption of the new standard, the Company's accounting policy for real estate sales subject to Subtopic 610-20 has been updated. The Company now derecognizes real estate and recognizes a gain or loss on sales of real estate when a contract exists and control of the property has transferred to the buyer. Control of the property, including controlling financial interest, is generally considered to transfer upon closing through transfer of the legal title and possession of the property. Any retained non-controlling interest is measured at fair value. This change in accounting policy resulted in the recognition, through opening retained earnings on January 1, 2018, of $30.9 million of previously deferred gains from property sales to the Company's Investments in real estate partnerships. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price consideration for the Equity One merger over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which amount reflects expected synergies from combining Regency's and Equity One's operations and the deferred tax liability at one of the acquired taxable REIT subsidiaries. The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Othe r, and allocates its goodwill to its reporting units, which have been determined to be at the individual property level. The Company performs an impairment evaluation of its goodwill at least annually, in November of each year, or more frequently as triggers occur. The goodwill impairment evaluation may be completed through a qualitative or quantitative approach. Under a qualitative approach, the impairment review for goodwill consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If a qualitative approach indicates it is more likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a reporting unit (including goodwill) exceeds its fair value, or if the Company chooses to bypass the qualitative approach for any reporting unit, the Company will perform the quantitative approach described below. The quantitative approach consists of estimating the fair value of each reporting unit using discounted projected future cash flows and comparing those estimated fair values with the carrying values, which include the allocated goodwill. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, the Company would then recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 16 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 Recent Accounting Pronouncements The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements and expected impact on our financial statements: 17 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 18 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 19 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 20 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 21 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 22 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 The following table details the components of Land, building and improvements in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Acquisitions The following table details the shopping centers acquired or land acquired or leased for development: Equity One Merger General On March 1, 2017, Regency completed its merger with Equity One, a NYSE listed shopping center company, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each Equity One stockholder received 0.45 of a newly issued share of Regency 23 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 common stock for each share of Equity One common stock owned immediately prior to the effective time of the merger resulting in approximately 65.5 million Regency common shares being issued to effect the merger. The following table provides the components that made up the total purchase price for the Equity One merger: As part of the merger, Regency acquired 121 properties, including 8 properties held through co-investment partnerships. The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Equity One are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date, March 1, 2017. Final Purchase Price Allocation of Merger The Equity One merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , which requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair values, and allows a measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, to finalize the acquisition date fair values. The acquired assets and assumed liabilities of an acquired operating property generally include, but are not limited to: land, buildings and improvements, identified tangible and intangible assets and liabilities associated with in-place leases, including tenant improvements, leasing costs, value of above-market and below-market leases, and value of acquired in-place leases. This methodology requires estimating an “as-if vacant” fair value of the physical property, which includes land, building, and improvements and also determining the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, considering the following categories: (i) value of in-place leases, and (ii) above and below-market value of in-place leases, and deferred taxes related to the book tax difference created through purchase accounting. The excess of the purchase price consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed results in goodwill in the business combination, which reflects expected synergies from combining Regency's and Equity One's operations and the deferred tax liability at one of the acquired taxable REIT subsidiaries. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of the acquired operating properties is based on a valuation prepared by Regency with assistance of a third party valuation specialist. The third party used stabilized Net Operating Income (“NOI”) and market specific capitalization and discount rates as the primary inputs in determining the fair value of the real estate assets. Management reviewed the inputs used by the third party specialist as well as the allocation of the purchase price to ensure reasonableness and that the procedures were performed in accordance with management's policy. Management and the third party valuation specialist have prepared their fair value estimates for each of the operating properties acquired, and completed the purchase price allocation during the measurement period. 24 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 The following table summarizes the final purchase price allocation based on the Company's valuation, including estimates and assumptions of the acquisition date fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed: The following table details the weighted average amortization and net accretion periods, in years, of the major classes of intangible assets and intangible liabilities arising from the Equity One merger: Pro forma Information The following unaudited pro forma financial data includes the incremental revenues, operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, and costs of the Equity One acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2016: 25 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 The pro forma financial data is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been assuming the transaction had been completed as set forth above, nor does it purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. 3. Property Dispositions Dispositions The following table provides a summary of consolidated shopping centers and land parcels disposed of during the periods set forth below: At September 30, 2018 , the Company also had three properties classified as Properties held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which have sold or are expected to sell subsequent to September 30, 2018 . 4. Other Assets The following table represents the components of Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets: The following table presents the goodwill balances and activity during the year to date periods ended: 26 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , the Company recognized a $29.4 million provision for impairment, net of tax, on five operating properties that sold during the year, including $9.2 million of goodwill. As the Company identifies properties ("reporting units") that no longer meet its investment criteria, it will evaluate the property for potential sale. A decision to sell a reporting unit results in the need to evaluate its goodwill for recoverability and may result in impairment. If events occur that trigger an impairment evaluation at multiple reporting units, a goodwill impairment may or may not be significant. 5. Notes Payable and Unsecured Credit Facilities The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following: Significant financing activity during 2018 includes: 27 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 As of September 30, 2018 , scheduled principal payments and maturities on notes payable and unsecured credit facilities were as follows: The Company has $13.2 million of mortgage loans maturing through 2019 , which it currently intends to repay if wholly owned, or refinance if held within a consolidated real estate investment partnership. The Company has sufficient capacity on its Line to repay this maturing debt, all of which is in the form of non-recourse mortgage loans. The Company was in compliance as of September 30, 2018 with the financial and other covenants under its unsecured public and private placement debt and unsecured credit facilities. 6. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company may use derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, caps, options, floors, and other interest rate derivative contracts, to hedge all or a portion of the interest rate risk associated with its borrowings. The principal objective of such arrangements is to minimize the risks and/or costs associated with the Company’s operating and financial structure as well as to hedge specific anticipated transactions. The Company does not intend to utilize derivatives for speculative or other purposes other than interest rate risk management. The use of derivative financial instruments carries certain risks, including the risk that the counterparties to these contractual arrangements are not able to perform under the agreements. To mitigate this risk, the Company only enters into derivative financial instruments with counterparties with high credit ratings and with major financial institutions with which the Company and its affiliates may also have other financial relationships. The Company does not anticipate that any of the counterparties will fail to meet their obligations. The Company’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 28 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of the Company's derivative financial instruments, as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: These derivative financial instruments are all interest rate swaps, which are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and, as of September 30, 2018 , does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. The Company has master netting agreements; however, the Company does not have multiple derivatives subject to a single master netting agreement with the same counterparties. Therefore, none are offset in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The following table represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the accompanying consolidated financial statements: As of September 30, 2018 , the Company expects approximately $600,000 of net deferred losses on derivative instruments in AOCI, including the Company's share from its Investments in real estate partnerships, to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. Included in the reclass is $7.9 million which is related to previously settled swaps on the Company's ten year fixed rate unsecured loans. 29 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 7. Fair Value Measurements (a) Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments All financial instruments of the Company are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at amounts which, in management's estimation, reasonably approximate their fair values, except for the following: The above fair values represent management's estimate of the amounts that would be received from selling those assets or that would be paid to transfer those liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , respectively. These fair value measurements maximize the use of observable inputs. However, in situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date, the fair value measurement reflects the Company's own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops its judgments based on the best information available at the measurement date, including expected cash flows, appropriate risk-adjusted discount rates, and available observable and unobservable inputs. Service providers involved in fair value measurements are evaluated for competency and qualifications on an ongoing basis. As considerable judgment is often necessary to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments, the fair values presented above are not necessarily indicative of amounts that will be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. (b) Fair Value Measurements The following financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Securities The Company has investments in marketable securities that are included within other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the securities was determined using quoted prices in active markets, which are considered Level 1 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the value of securities are recorded within Net investment (income) loss in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Available-for-sale debt securities consist of investments in certificates of deposit and corporate bonds, and are recorded at fair value using matrix pricing methods to estimate fair value, which are considered Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unrealized gains or losses on these debt securities are recognized through other comprehensive income. Interest Rate Derivatives The fair value of the Company's interest rate derivatives is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize 30 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its interest rate swaps. As a result, the Company determined that its interest rate swaps valuation in its entirety is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: There were no assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2018 or December 31, 2017 . 8. Equity and Capital Common Stock of the Parent Company At the Market ("ATM") Program Under the Parent Company's ATM equity offering program, the Parent Company may sell up to $500 million of common stock at prices determined by the market at the time of sale. There were no shares issued under the ATM equity program during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 or 2017 . As of September 30, 2018 , all $500 million of common stock remained available for issuance under this ATM equity program. Share Repurchase Program On February 7, 2018, the Company's Board authorized a common share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase, from time to time, up to $250 million worth of shares of its outstanding common stock through open market purchases and/or in privately negotiated transactions. Any shares purchased will be retired. The program is scheduled to expire on February 6, 2020 . The timing and actual number of shares repurchased 31 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 under the program depend upon marketplace conditions and other factors. The program remains subject to the discretion of the Board. As of September 30, 2018 , the Company had repurchased 2,145,209 shares for $125.0 million at an average price of $58.24 per share. Subsequent Event - Transfer of Listing On October 25, 2018, the Company's Board approved the transfer of the Company's common stock from listing on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") to The NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ"). The Company expects the last day of trading on the NYSE to be November 12, 2018. The Company's common stock has been approved for listing on NASDAQ, is expected to commence trading on November 13, 2018, and will continue to trade under the stock symbol "REG". Common Units of the Operating Partnership Common units of the operating partnership are issued or redeemed and retired for each of the shares of Parent Company common stock issued or repurchased and retired, as described above. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCI") The following tables present changes in the balances of each component of AOCI: 32 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 9. Stock-Based Compensation During nine months ended September 30, 2018 , the Company granted 259,356 shares of restricted stock with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $63.50 per share. The Company records stock-based compensation expense within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 10. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan ("NQDCP") The Company maintains a NQDCP which allows select employees and directors to defer part or all of their cash bonus, director fees, and vested restricted stock awards. All contributions into the participants' accounts are fully vested upon contribution to the NQDCP and are deposited in a Rabbi trust. The following table reflects the balances of the assets and deferred compensation liabilities of the Rabbi trust and related participant account obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding Regency stock: 11. Earnings per Share and Unit Parent Company Earnings per Share The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: Income allocated to noncontrolling interests of the Operating Partnership has been excluded from the numerator and exchangeable Operating Partnership units have been omitted from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share since the effect of including these amounts in the numerator and denominator would be anti-dilutive. Weighted average exchangeable Operating Partnership units outstanding for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 were 349,902 , and were 349,902 and 276,503 , respectively, during the same periods in 2017 . 33 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2018 Operating Partnership Earnings per Unit The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit: 12. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation The Company is involved in litigation on a number of matters and is subject to certain claims, which arise in the normal course of business, none of which, in the opinion of management, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. Environmental The Company is also subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to real estate pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. The Company believes that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on its financial position, liquidity, or operations. The Company can give no assurance that existing environmental studies with respect to the shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental contaminants or liabilities, that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to it, that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties, or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to the Company. Letters of Credit The Company has the right to issue letters of credit under the Line up to an amount not to exceed $50.0 million , which reduces the credit availability under the Line. These letters of credit are primarily issued as collateral on behalf of its captive insurance program and to facilitate the construction of development projects. As of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , the Company had $9.4 million in letters of credit outstanding. Purchase Commitments The Company enters into purchase and sale agreements to buy or sell real estate assets in the normal course of business, which generally provide limited recourse if either party ends the contract. At September 30, 2018 , the Company has a contractual commitment to purchase up to a 100% ownership interest in an operating property valued at $205 million by November 2019 , at the option of the seller. The Company currently expects the seller to require the Company to purchase a 30% interest in such property by November 2019 for approximately $61.5 million . 34 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, the following information contains forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated changes in our revenues, the size of our development and redevelopment program, earnings per share and unit, returns and portfolio value, and expectations about our liquidity. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the real estate industry and markets in which the Company operates, and management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to changes in national and local economic conditions, financial difficulties of tenants, competitive market conditions, including timing and pricing of acquisitions and sales of properties and building pads ("out-parcels"), changes in leasing activity and market rents, timing of development starts, meeting development schedules, natural disasters in geographic areas in which we operate, cost of environmental remediation, our inability to exercise voting control over the co-investment partnerships through which we own many of our properties, and technology disruptions. For additional information, see “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 . The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. appearing elsewhere herein. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of uncertain events. Defined Terms We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to the required GAAP presentation, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operational results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of certain operating metrics regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, makes comparisons of other REITs' operating results to the Company's more meaningful. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. The following terms, as defined, are commonly used by management and the investing public to understand and evaluate our operational results: For purposes of evaluating same property NOI on a comparative basis, and in light of the merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017, we are considering properties acquired through the Equity One merger as Same Property if those properties would have met that criteria from Equity One's ownership of the properties. See Supplemental Earnings Information, later in this document, for further discussion and use of Equity One information for pro-rata same property NOI, as adjusted. 35 placed in service and are therefore included in Land, buildings and improvements in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, regardless of the completion thresholds described above. The pro-rata information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts and is intended to more accurately reflect our proportionate economic interest in the operating results of properties in our portfolio. We do not control the unconsolidated investment partnerships, and the pro-rata presentations of the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses do not represent our legal claim to such items. The partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the operating agreements, which provide for such allocations according to their invested capital. Our share of invested capital establishes the ownership interests we use to prepare our pro-rata share. The presentation of pro-rata information has limitations which include, but are not limited to, the following: Because of these limitations, the pro-rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the pro-rata information as a supplement. 36 Overview of Our Strategy Regency Centers Corporation began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993 , and, as of September 30, 2018 , had full or partial ownership interests in 426 retail properties primarily anchored by market leading grocery stores. Our properties are principally located in affluent and infill trade areas of the United States, and contain 53.6 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). All of our operating, investing, and financing activities are performed through our Operating Partnership, Regency Centers, L.P., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and through our co-investment partnerships. As of September 30, 2018 , the Parent Company owns approximately 99.8% of the outstanding common partnership units of the Operating Partnership. Our mission is to be the preeminent national shopping center owner, operator and developer. Our strategy is to: Executing on our Strategy During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 : We had Net income attributable to common stockholders of $170.2 million as compared to $74.8 million , net of $75.6 million of merger costs, during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 . We sustained superior same property NOI growth: We developed and redeveloped high quality shopping centers at attractive returns on investment: We maintained a conservative balance sheet providing financial flexibility to cost effectively fund investment opportunities and debt maturities: 37 annual rate of LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points, subject to our credit ratings, compared to a rate of 92.5 basis points under the previous facility. An annual facility fee of 15 basis points, subject to our credit ratings, applies to the Line. Property Portfolio The following table summarizes general information related to the Consolidated Properties in our portfolio: The following table summarizes general information related to the Unconsolidated Properties owned in co-investment partnerships in our portfolio: For the purpose of the following disclosures of occupancy and leasing activity, "anchor space" is considered space greater than or equal to 10,000 SF and "shop space" is less than 10,000 SF. The following table summarizes pro-rata occupancy rates of our combined Consolidated and Unconsolidated shopping center portfolio: The decline in anchor space percent leased is primarily attributable to anchor move-outs, including Toys-R-Us and certain other junior anchors. The decline in shop space percent leased is driven by seasonal move-outs and strategic vacancies in preparation for redevelopments. 38 The following table summarizes leasing activity, including our pro-rata share of activity within the portfolio of our co-investment partnerships: The weighted average base rent on signed shop space leases during 2018 was $33.03 and exceeds the average annual base rent of all shop space leases due to expire during the next 12 months of $30.87 PSF. 39 Significant Tenants and Concentrations of Risk We seek to reduce our operating and leasing risks through geographic diversification and by avoiding dependence on any single property, market, or tenant. The following table summarizes our most significant tenants, based on their percentage of annualized base rent: Bankruptcies and Credit Concerns Our management team devotes significant time to researching and monitoring retail trends, consumer preferences, customer shopping behaviors, changes in retail delivery methods, and changing demographics in order to anticipate the challenges and opportunities impacting the retail industry. A greater shift to e-commerce, large-scale retail business failures, and tight credit markets could negatively impact consumer spending and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We seek to mitigate these potential impacts through tenant diversification, replacing weaker tenants with stronger operators, anchoring our centers with market leading grocery stores that drive foot traffic, and maintaining a presence in affluent suburbs and dense infill trade areas. As a result of our research and findings, we may reduce new leasing, suspend leasing, or curtail allowances for construction of leasehold improvements within a certain retail category or to a specific retailer in order to reduce our risk from bankruptcies and store closings. We closely monitor the operating performance and rent collections of tenants in our shopping centers as well as those retailers experiencing significant changes to their business models as a result of reduced customer traffic in their stores and increased competition from e-commerce sales. Retailers who are unable to withstand these and other business pressures may file for bankruptcy. Although base rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy generally have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. Any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant for unpaid rent might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. Additionally, we may incur significant expense to recover our claim and to release the vacated space. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and cancels its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues. Tenants who have filed for bankruptcy and continue to occupy space in our shopping centers at September 30, 2018 represent an aggregate of 0.6% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis, including three Sears/Kmart locations. 40 Results from Operations Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 : Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased, on a net basis, as follows: Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased, on a net basis, as follows: Other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased $663,000 from higher termination fees. Management, transaction, and other fees increased $907,000 due partially to an increase in development fees from two active developments within unconsolidated partnerships, along with an increase in leasing fees earned from unconsolidated partnerships. Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: 41 Depreciation and amortization costs decreased, on a net basis, as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased, on a net basis, as follows: General and administrative increased, on a net basis, as follows: Real estate taxes increased, on a net basis, as follows: Other operating expenses decreased $1.2 million, primarily attributable to transaction costs recognized from the Equity One merger in 2017. The following table presents the components of other expense (income): 42 The $1.9 million net increase in total interest expense is primarily due to: During the three months ended September 30, 2018 , we recognized $855,000 of impairment losses on one operating property and one land parcel that sold. Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships decreased as follows: The $2.2 million decrease in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to the following changes: The following represents the remaining components that comprised net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the three months ended September 30, 2018 , we sold three operating properties and three land parcels for gains totaling $3.2 million, while we did not have any operating property or land parcel sales during the three months ended September 30, 2017 . Preferred stock dividends decreased $3.1 million due to the redemption of our Series 7 preferred stock in August 2017. 43 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 : Results from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , reflect the results of our merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017, and therefore excludes the results of operations for Equity One for the non-ownership period of 2017 prior to March 1, 2017. Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased as follows: Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased as follows: Other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased $3.8 million from same properties, including $2.2 million from properties acquired through the Equity One merger, primarily from termination, assignment and settlement fees. Management, transaction, and other fees increased $1.6 million primarily due to an increase in development fees from two active developments within unconsolidated partnerships, along with an increase in leasing fees earned from unconsolidated partnerships. 44 Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased as follows: General and administrative increased, on a net basis, as follows: Real estate taxes increased as follows: Other operating expenses decreased $75.1 million primarily attributable to transaction costs related to the Equity One merger in 2017. 45 The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $14.2 million net increase in total interest expense is primarily due to: During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , we recognized $29.4 million of impairment losses, including $9.2 million of goodwill impairment, on five operating properties and two land parcels, each of which have been sold. During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , we early redeemed the $150 million 6% senior unsecured notes resulting in $11.0 million of debt extinguishment costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2017 , we repaid nine mortgages with a portion of the proceeds from an unsecured public debt offering, and recognized $12.4 million of debt extinguishment costs. Net investment income decreased $1.4 million driven by valuation changes in the stock market. 46 Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships decreased as follows: The $4.3 million decrease in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to the following changes: The following represents the remaining components that comprise net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the nine months ended September 30, 2018 , we sold four operating properties and four land parcels resulting in gains of $4.4 million, compared to gains of $4.9 million from the sale of one operating property and seven land parcels during the same period in 2017 . Preferred stock dividends decreased $16.1 million due to the redemption of our Series 6 and Series 7 preferred stock in February and August of 2017, respectively. 47 Supplemental Earnings Information We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to certain performance metrics determined under GAAP, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operating results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of operating results regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, may assist in comparing the Company's operating results to other REITs. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. See "Defined Terms" at the beginning of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. Pro-Rata Same Property NOI: For purposes of evaluating same property NOI on a comparative basis, and in light of the merger with Equity One on March 1, 2017, we are presenting our same property NOI on a pro forma basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 as if the merger had occurred January 1, 2017. This perspective allows us to evaluate same property NOI growth over a comparable period. The pro forma same property NOI as adjusted is not necessarily indicative of what the actual same property NOI and growth would have been if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2017, nor does it purport to represent the same property NOI and growth for future periods. Our pro-rata same property NOI as adjusted, excluding termination fees, changed from the following major components: Base rent increased $7.4 million and $22.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 , driven by increases in rental rate growth on new and renewal leases, contractual rent steps from leases, and rent commencements. Recoveries from tenants increased $5.6 million and $13.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 , as a result of increases in recoverable costs, as noted below. Other income increased $0.6 million and $3.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 , due to the timing of termination, assignment and settlement fee income. Operating expenses increased $7.5 million and $16.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 , primarily due to higher real estate tax assessments. 48 Same Property Rollforward: Our same property pool includes the following property count, pro-rata GLA, and changes therein: NAREIT FFO: Our reconciliation of net income attributable to common stock and unit holders to NAREIT FFO is as follows: 49 Same Property NOI Reconciliation: Our reconciliation of property revenues and property expenses to Same Property NOI, on a pro-rata basis, is as follows: 50 The following is Same Property NOI detail for the non-ownership period of Equity One: 51 Liquidity and Capital Resources General We use cash flows generated from operating, investing, and financing activities to strengthen our balance sheet, finance our development and redevelopment projects, fund our investment activities, and maintain financial flexibility. We continuously monitor the capital markets and evaluate our ability to issue new debt or equity, to repay maturing debt, or fund our capital commitments. Except for the $500 million of unsecured public and private placement debt assumed with the Equity One merger in 2017, our Parent Company has no capital commitments other than its guarantees of the commitments of our Operating Partnership. All remaining debt is held by our Operating Partnership or by our co-investment partnerships. The Operating Partnership is a co-issuer and a guarantor of the $500 million of outstanding debt of our Parent Company assumed in the Equity One merger. The Parent Company will from time to time access the capital markets for the purpose of issuing new equity and will simultaneously contribute all of the offering proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional partnership units. Based upon our available sources of capital, our current credit ratings, and the number of high quality, unencumbered properties we own, we believe our available capital resources are sufficient to meet our expected capital needs. In addition to our $40.4 million of unrestricted cash, we have the following additional sources of capital available: We operate our business such that we expect net cash provided by operating activities will provide the necessary funds to pay our distributions to our common and preferred share and unit holders, which were $282.9 million and $238.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. In March 2018, we expanded our line of credit to $1.25 billion with a maturity date of May 23, 2022. We currently do not have any preferred shares issued and outstanding. Our dividend distribution policy is set by our Board of Directors, who monitors our financial position. Our Board of Directors recently declared our common stock dividend of $0.555 per share, payable on November 28, 2018. Future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be subject to capital requirements and availability. We plan to continue paying an aggregate amount of distributions to our stock and unit holders that, at a minimum, meet the requirements to continue qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. During the next twelve months, we estimate that we will require approximately $163.6 million of cash, including $123.5 million to complete in-process developments and redevelopments, $13.2 million to repay maturing debt, and $26.9 million to fund our pro-rata share of estimated capital contributions to our co-investment partnerships for repayment of maturing debt. If we start new developments, redevelop additional shopping centers, commit to new acquisitions, prepay debt prior to maturity, or repurchase shares of our common stock, our cash requirements will increase. If we refinance maturing debt, our cash requirements will decrease. To meet our cash requirements, we will utilize cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale of real estate, available borrowings from our Line, and when the capital markets are favorable, proceeds from the sale of equity or the issuance of new long-term debt. In addition, we have a contractual commitment to purchase, through November 2019, up to a 100% ownership interest in an operating shopping center valued at $205.0 million, at the option of the seller. We are currently expecting the seller to require us to purchase a 30% ownership interest in the property by November 2019 for approximately $61.5 million. We endeavor to maintain a high percentage of unencumbered assets. At September 30, 2018 , 87.8% of our wholly-owned real estate assets were unencumbered. Such assets allow us to access the secured and unsecured debt markets and to maintain availability on the Line. Our annualized Fixed charge coverage ratio, including our pro-rata share of our partnerships, was 4.1 times for the periods ended September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 , respectively. 52 Our Line, Term Loans, and unsecured loans require that we remain in compliance with various covenants, which are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 . We are in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2018 and expect to remain in compliance. On October 25, 2018, the Company's Board approved the transfer of the Company's common stock from listing on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") to The NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ"). The Company expects the last day of trading on the NYSE to be November 12, 2018. The Company's common stock has been approved for listing on NASDAQ, is expected to commence trading on November 13, 2018, and will continue to trade under the stock symbol "REG". Summary of Cash Flow Activity The following table summarizes net cash flows related to operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company: Net cash provided by operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities increased $119.3 million due to: Net cash used in investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $710.6 million as follows: Significant changes in investing activities include: 53 During the same period in 2017 , we invested $12.3 million in our real estate partnerships to fund our share of maturing mortgage debt and redevelopment activity. We plan to continue developing and redeveloping shopping centers for long-term investment. During 2018, we deployed capital of $174.1 million for the development, redevelopment, and improvement of our real estate properties, comprised of the following: 54 The following table summarizes our in-process consolidated development projects: The following table summarizes our pro-rata share of in-process unconsolidated development projects: 55 The following table summarizes our completed consolidated development projects: Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities: Net cash flows generated from financing activities decreased by $847.5 million during 2018 , as follows: Significant financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 include the following: 56 Investments in Real Estate Partnerships The following table is a summary of the unconsolidated combined assets and liabilities of these co-investment partnerships and our pro-rata share: 57 Our equity method investments in real estate partnerships consist of the following: Notes Payable - Investments in Real Estate Partnerships Scheduled principal repayments on notes payable held by our investments in real estate partnerships were as follows: At September 30, 2018 , our investments in real estate partnerships had notes payable of $1.5 billion maturing through 2034 , of which 97.1% had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 4.6% . The remaining notes payable float over LIBOR and had a weighted average variable interest rate of 3.8% . These fixed and variable rate notes payable are all non-recourse, and our pro-rata share was $526.5 million as of September 30, 2018 . As notes payable mature, we expect they will be repaid from proceeds from new borrowings and/or partner capital contributions. We believe that our partners are financially sound and have sufficient capital or access thereto to fund future capital requirements. In the event that a co-investment partner was unable to fund its share of the capital requirements of the co-investment partnership, we would have the right, but not the obligation, to loan the defaulting partner the amount of its capital call. 58 Management fee income In addition to earning our pro-rata share of net income or loss in each of these co-investment partnerships, we receive fees, as shown below: Recent Accounting Pronouncements See note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Environmental Matters We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to our shopping centers pertaining primarily to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. We believe that the tenants who currently operate dry cleaning plants or gas stations do so in accordance with current laws and regulations. Generally, we use all legal means to cause tenants to remove dry cleaning plants from our shopping centers or convert them to more environmentally friendly systems. Where available, we have applied and been accepted into state-sponsored environmental programs. We have a blanket environmental insurance policy for third-party liabilities and remediation costs on shopping centers that currently have no known environmental contamination. We have also placed environmental insurance, where possible, on specific properties with known contamination, in order to mitigate our environmental risk. We monitor the shopping centers containing environmental issues and in certain cases voluntarily remediate the sites. We also have legal obligations to remediate certain sites and we are in the process of doing so. As of September 30, 2018 we and our Investments in real estate partnerships had accrued liabilities of $9.1 million for our pro-rata share of environmental remediation. We believe that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations; however, we can give no assurance that existing environmental studies on our shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties; or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to us. Inflation/Deflation Inflation has been historically low and has had a minimal impact on the operating performance of our shopping centers; however, inflation may become a greater concern in the near future. Substantially all of our long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation, which require tenants to pay their pro-rata share of operating expenses, including common-area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. In addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increased rents upon re-rental at market rates. However, during deflationary periods or periods of economic weakness, minimum rents and percentage rents will decline as the supply of available retail space exceeds demand and consumer spending declines. Occupancy declines will result in lower recovery rates of our operating expenses. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk There have been no material changes from the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk disclosed in item 7A of Part II of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 . Item 4. Controls and Procedures 59 Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers Corporation) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Parent Company's management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the Parent Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, the Parent Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Parent Company in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in the Parent Company's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the third quarter of 2018 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers, L.P.) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership's management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in the Operating Partnership's internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the third quarter of 2018 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are a party to various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any litigation nor to our knowledge, is any litigation threatened against us, the outcome of which would, in our judgment based on information currently available to us, have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in item 1A. of Part I of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2018 . The following table represents information with respect to purchases by the Parent Company of its common stock by month during the three months ended September 30, 2018 . 60 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits In reviewing any agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company, its subsidiaries or other parties to the agreements. Each agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we are responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public files, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Unless otherwise indicated below, the Commission file number to the exhibit is No. 001-12298. 61 Ex # Description 31. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications. 31.1 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.2 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.3 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 31.4 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32. Section 1350 Certifications. 32.1 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.2 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.3 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32.4 * 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 101. Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 62 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 63