10-Q 1 reg10-q093016.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 or For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-12298 (Regency Centers Corporation) Commission File Number 0-24763 (Regency Centers, L.P.) REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Regency Centers Corporation YES x NO o Regency Centers, L.P. YES x NO o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Regency Centers Corporation: Regency Centers, L.P.: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Regency Centers Corporation YES o NO x Regency Centers, L.P. YES o NO x The number of shares outstanding of the Regency Centers Corporation’s common stock was 104,493,307 as of October 31, 2016 . EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Regency Centers Corporation” or the “Parent Company” mean Regency Centers Corporation and its controlled subsidiaries; and references to “Regency Centers, L.P.” or the “Operating Partnership” mean Regency Centers, L.P. and its controlled subsidiaries. The term “the Company” or “Regency” means the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively. The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) and the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units (“Units”). As of September 30, 2016 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.9% of the Units in the Operating Partnership and the remaining limited Units are owned by investors. The Parent Company owns all of the Series 6 and 7 Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. The Company believes combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of the Parent Company consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of the Parent Company and employees of the Operating Partnership. The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company does not hold any indebtedness, but guarantees all of the unsecured public debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds all the assets of the Company and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units, the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources include the Operating Partnership's operations, its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of partnership units. Stockholders' equity, partners' capital, and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership's capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units, and Series 6 and 7 Preferred Units owned by the Parent Company. The limited partners' units in the Operating Partnership owned by third parties are accounted for in partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's financial statements and outside of stockholders' equity in noncontrolling interests in the Parent Company's financial statements. The Series 6 and 7 Preferred Units owned by the Parent Company are eliminated in consolidation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and are classified as preferred units of general partner in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership. In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections in this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements, controls and procedures sections, and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, while stockholders' equity and partners' capital differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands, except share data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 1 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 2 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 3 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands) (unaudited) 5 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , and 2015 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands, except unit data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per unit data) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 10 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands) (unaudited) 11 REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , and 2015 (in thousands) (unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 12 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 General Regency Centers Corporation (the “Parent Company”) began its operations as a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) in 1993 and is the general partner of Regency Centers, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). The Parent Company engages in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, and development of retail shopping centers through the Operating Partnership, and has no other assets or liabilities other than through its investment in the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company currently owns approximately 99.9% of the outstanding common Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership. As of September 30, 2016 , the Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (the "Company” or “Regency”) owned 197 retail shopping centers and held partial interests in an additional 110 retail shopping centers through unconsolidated investments in real estate partnerships (also referred to as "joint ventures" or "investment partnerships"). The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. These adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature. Consolidation The Company consolidates properties that are wholly owned or properties where it owns less than 100%, but which it controls. Control is determined using an evaluation based on accounting standards related to the consolidation of voting interest entities and variable interest entities ("VIEs"). For joint ventures that are determined to be a VIE, the Company consolidates the entity where it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Determination of the primary beneficiary is based on whether an entity has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company's determination of the primary beneficiary considers all relationships between it and the VIE, including management agreements and other contractual arrangements. Ownership of the Operating Partnership The Operating Partnership’s capital includes general and limited common Partnership Units. As of September 30, 2016 , the Parent Company owned approximately 99.9% of the outstanding common Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership with the remaining limited Partnership Units held by third parties (“Exchangeable operating partnership units” or “EOP units”). The Parent Company serves as general partner of the Operating Partnership. The EOP unit holders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity, and the Parent Company is the primary beneficiary which consolidates it. The Parent Company’s only investment is the Operating Partnership. Real Estate Partnerships Regency has an ownership interest in 121 properties through partnerships, of which 11 are consolidated, with institutional investors, other real estate developers and/or operators, and individual parties who help Regency source transactions for development and investment ("the Partners", "limited partners"). Regency has a variable interest in these entities through its equity interests. As managing member, Regency maintains the books and records and typically provides leasing and property management to the partnerships. The partners’ level of involvement varies from protective decisions (debt, bankruptcy, selling primary asset(s) of business) to involvement in approving leases, operating budgets, and capital budgets. 13 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 The majority of the operations of the VIEs are funded with cash flows generated by the properties, or in the case of developments, with capital contributions or third party construction loans. Regency does not provide financial support to the VIEs. The assets of these partnerships are restricted to the use of the partnerships and cannot be used by general creditors of the Company. And similarly, the obligations of these partnerships can only be settled by the assets of these partnerships. The major classes of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling equity interests held by the Company's VIEs are as follows: Reclassifications During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company reclassified its land held for future development from Properties in development to Land within the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company reclassified prior period amounts of $47.3 million to conform to current period presentation. 14 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 Recent Accounting Pronouncements The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements and expected impact on our financial statements: 15 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 16 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 17 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 The following table details the shopping centers acquired or land acquired for development: The results of operations from acquisitions are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations beginning on the acquisition date. Results of operations related to the material acquisition of Market Common Clarendon resulted in the following impact to Revenues and Net income attributable to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , as follows: (1) Includes $59,000 and $1.5 million of transaction costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively, which are recorded in Other operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 18 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 The following unaudited pro forma financial data includes the incremental revenues, operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, and costs of financing the Market Common Clarendon acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2015: (1) The pro forma earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were adjusted to exclude $59,000 and $1.5 million , respectively, of acquisition costs, while 2015 pro forma earnings were adjusted to include those costs during the first quarter of 2015. The pro forma financial data is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been assuming the transaction had been completed as set forth above, nor does it purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. The following table details the weighted average amortization and net accretion periods, in years, of the major classes of intangible assets and intangible liabilities arising from the Market Common Clarendon acquisition: 3. Property Dispositions Dispositions The following table provides a summary of shopping centers and land parcels disposed of: (1) Includes cash deposits received in the previous year. 19 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 4. Notes Payable and Unsecured Credit Facilities The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following: (1) As of September 30, 2016 , the amount consists of two mortgages with variable interest rates of one month LIBOR plus 150 basis points and which mature on October 16, 2020 and April 1, 2023 , respectively. Interest rate swaps are in place fixing the interest rates at 3.696% on $28.1 million and 2.803% on $20.0 million , respectively. See note 5. As of September 30, 2016 , the key interest rates of the Company's notes payables and credit facilities were as follows: (1) Weighted average effective and contractual rate for the Line is calculated based on a fully drawn Line balance. Significant financing activity since December 31, 2015 includes the following: 20 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 As of September 30, 2016 , scheduled principal payments and maturities on notes payable were as follows: (1) Includes unsecured public debt and unsecured credit facilities. The Company was in compliance as of September 30, 2016 with the financial and other covenants under its unsecured public debt and unsecured credit facilities. 5. Derivative Financial Instruments The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of the Company's derivative financial instruments, as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: (1) Represents the date specified in the agreement for either optional or mandatory early termination by the counterparty, which will result in cash settlement. The Company has the option to terminate and settle at any date prior to this. (2) Derivatives in an asset position are included within Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, while those in a liability position are included within Accounts payable and other liabilities. (3) In 2014, the Company entered into $220 million of forward starting interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate on new fixed rate ten year debt that the Company expected to issue in June 2017 for the specific purpose of repaying at maturity the $300 million notes. These interest rate swaps locked in a weighted average fixed rate of 3.48% , before the Company's credit spread. These swaps were settled during the during the third quarter of 2016, as further described below. These derivative financial instruments are all interest rate swaps, which are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and, as of September 30, 2016 , does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. The Company has master netting agreements; 21 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 however, the Company does not have multiple derivatives subject to a single master netting agreement with the same counterparties. Therefore, none are offset in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings within Interest expense, in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following table represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the accompanying consolidated financial statements: As of September 30, 2016 , the Company expects $10.7 million of net deferred losses on derivative instruments accumulated in Other comprehensive income, including the Company's share from its Investments in real estate partnerships, to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. Included in the reclass is $8.4 million which is related to previously settled swaps on the Company's ten year fixed rate unsecured loans. Hedge Settlement During the third quarter of 2016, the Company initiated and completed a $400.1 million equity offering, as further described in note 7, for the primary purpose of funding the early redemption of its $300 million notes. The Company also used $40.6 million from the net offering proceeds to settle $220 million of forward starting swaps related to new debt previously expected to be issued in 2017 to repay the notes at maturity. As a result of the equity offering, the Company believed that the issuance of new fixed rate debt within the remaining period of the forward starting swaps was probable not to occur. Accordingly, the Company ceased hedge accounting and reclassified the $40.6 million paid to settle the forward starting swaps from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings during the third quarter of 2016. 22 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 6. Fair Value Measurements (a) Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments All financial instruments of the Company are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at amounts which, in management's estimation, reasonably approximate their fair values, except for the following: The above fair values represent management's estimate of the amounts that would be received from selling those assets or that would be paid to transfer those liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 . These fair value measurements maximize the use of observable inputs. However, in situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date, the fair value measurement reflects the Company's own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops its judgments based on the best information available at the measurement date, including expected cash flows, appropriately risk-adjusted discount rates, and available observable and unobservable inputs. Service providers involved in fair value measurements are evaluated for competency and qualifications on an ongoing basis. As considerable judgment is often necessary to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments, the fair values presented above are not necessarily indicative of amounts that will be realized upon disposition of the financial instruments. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments: Notes Receivable The fair value of the Company's Notes receivable is estimated by calculating the present value of future contractual cash flows discounted at interest rates available for notes of the same terms and maturities, adjusted for counter-party specific credit risk. The fair value of Notes receivable was determined primarily using Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy, which considered counter-party credit risk and collateral risk of the underlying property securing the note receivable. Notes Payable The fair value of the Company's unsecured debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair value of the unsecured debt was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Company's mortgage notes payable is estimated by discounting future cash flows of each instrument at rates that reflect the current market rates available to the Company for debt of the same terms and maturities. Fixed rate loans assumed in connection with real estate acquisitions are recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at fair value at the time the property is acquired. The fair value of the mortgage notes payable was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unsecured Credit Facilities The fair value of the Company's Unsecured credit facilities is estimated based on the interest rates currently offered to the Company by financial institutions. The fair value of the credit facilities was determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. 23 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 The following interest rate ranges were used by the Company to estimate the fair value of its financial instruments: (b) Fair Value Measurements The following financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Trading Securities Held in Trust The Company has investments in marketable securities, which are assets of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan ("NQDCP"), that are classified as trading securities held in trust on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Trading securities held in trust was determined using quoted prices in active markets, which are considered Level 1 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the value of trading securities are recorded within net investment (income) loss from deferred compensation plan in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Available-for-Sale Securities Available-for-sale securities consist of investments in certificates of deposit and corporate bonds, and are recorded at fair value using matrix pricing methods to estimate fair value, which are considered Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Unrealized gains or losses on these securities are recognized through Other comprehensive income. Interest Rate Derivatives The fair value of the Company's interest rate derivatives is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its interest rate swaps. As a result, the Company determined that its interest rate swaps valuation in its entirety is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 24 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: There were no assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 . 7. Equity and Capital Common Stock of the Parent Company Issuances : At the Market ("ATM") Program The current ATM equity offering program authorizes the Parent Company to sell up to $200 million of common stock at prices determined by the market at the time of sale. As of September 30, 2016 , $70.8 million of common stock remained available for issuance under this ATM equity program. 25 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 There were no shares issued under the ATM equity program during the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015 . The following table presents the shares that were issued under the ATM equity program during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: Forward Equity Offering In March 2016, the Parent Company entered into a forward sale agreement (the "Forward Equity Offering") to issue 3.10 million shares of its common stock at an offering price of $75.25 per share before any underwriting discount and offering expenses. In June 2016, the Parent Company partially settled its forward equity offering by delivering 1.85 million shares of newly issued common stock, receiving $137.5 million of net proceeds, which were used to repay the Line. The remaining 1.25 million shares must be settled under the forward sale agreement prior to June 23, 2017 . Equity Offering In July 2016, the Parent Company issued 5.0 million shares of common stock at $79.78 per share resulting in net proceeds of $400.1 million , used to (i) redeem, in August, the entire $300 million notes, including a make-whole payment, (ii) settle forward interest rate swaps, and (iii) fund investment activities, and for general corporate purposes. Common Units of the Operating Partnership Issuances: Common units were issued to the Parent Company in relation to the Parent Company's issuance of common stock, as discussed above. 26 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss The following tables present changes in the balances of each component of AOCI: The following represents amounts reclassified out of AOCI into income: 8. Stock-Based Compensation The Company recorded stock-based compensation in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During 2016 , the Company granted 191,128 shares of restricted stock with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $79.40 per share. 27 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 9. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan ("NQDCP") The Company maintains a NQDCP which allows select employees and directors to defer part or all of their cash bonus, director fees, and restricted stock awards. All contributions into the participants' accounts are fully vested upon contribution to the NQDCP and are deposited in a Rabbi trust. The following table reflects the balances of the assets held in the Rabbi trust and related participant account obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding Regency stock: The assets and liabilities presented include the trading securities held in the Rabbi trust and the related participant obligations. The Company's common stock held in the Rabbi trust, and the related participant obligation, is presented within Stockholders' equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as Treasury stock and part of Additional paid in capital, respectively. 28 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 10. Earnings per Share and Unit Parent Company Earnings per Share The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: (1) Includes the dilutive impact of unvested restricted stock and shares issuable under the forward equity offering using the treasury stock method. Income allocated to noncontrolling interests of the Operating Partnership has been excluded from the numerator and exchangeable Operating Partnership units have been omitted from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share since the effect of including these amounts in the numerator and denominator would have no impact. Weighted average exchangeable Operating Partnership units outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 154,170 . Operating Partnership Earnings per Unit The following summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit: (1) Includes the dilutive impact of unvested restricted stock and forward equity offering using the treasury stock method. 29 REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION AND REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 11. Commitments and Contingencies The Company is involved in litigation on a number of matters and is subject to certain claims, which arise in the normal course of business, none of which, in the opinion of management, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. The Company is also subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to real estate pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. The Company believes that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on its financial position, liquidity, or operations. The Company can give no assurance that existing environmental studies with respect to the shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental liabilities, that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to it, that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties, or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to the Company. The Company has the right to issue letters of credit under the Line up to an amount not to exceed $50.0 million , which reduces the credit availability under the Line. These letters of credit are primarily issued as collateral on behalf of its captive insurance program and to facilitate the construction of development projects. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the Company had $5.8 million and $5.9 million , respectively, in letters of credit outstanding. 30 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, the following information contains forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated changes in our revenues, the size of our development and redevelopment program, earnings per share and unit, returns and portfolio value, and expectations about our liquidity. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the real estate industry and markets in which the Company operates, and management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, changes in national and local economic conditions, financial difficulties of tenants, competitive market conditions, including timing and pricing of acquisitions and sales of properties and building pads ("out-parcels"), changes in leasing activity and market rents, timing of development starts, meeting development schedules, natural disasters in geographic areas in which we operate, cost of environmental remediation, our inability to exercise voting control over the co-investment partnerships through which we own many of our properties, and technology disruptions. For additional information, see “Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto of Regency Centers Corporation and Regency Centers, L.P. appearing elsewhere herein. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of uncertain events. Defined Terms We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to the required GAAP presentations, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operational results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of certain operating metrics regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, makes comparisons of other REITs' operating results to the Company's more meaningful. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. The following terms, as defined, are commonly used by management and the investing public to understand and evaluate our operational results: The pro-rata information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts and is intended to more accurately reflect our proportionate economic interest in the operating results of properties in our portfolio. We do not control the unconsolidated investment partnerships, and the pro-rata presentations of the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses do not represent our legal claim to such items. The partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the operating agreements, which provide for such allocations according to their invested capital. Our share of invested capital establishes the ownership interests we use to prepare our pro-rata share. 31 The presentation of pro-rata information has limitations which include, but are not limited to, the following: Because of these limitations, the pro-rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the pro-rata information as a supplement. 32 Overview of Our Strategy Regency Centers began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993, and currently owns direct or partial interests in 307 shopping centers, the majority of which are grocery-anchored community and neighborhood centers. Our centers are located in the top markets of 25 states and the District of Columbia, and contain 37.6 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). All of our operating, investing, and financing activities are performed through the Operating Partnership, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and through its investment partnerships. The Parent Company currently owns approximately 99.9% of the outstanding common partnership units of the Operating Partnership. Our mission is to be the preeminent grocery-anchored shopping center owner and developer through: Our strategy is: Executing on our Strategy During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , we executed on our strategic objectives to further solidify Regency’s position as a leader among shopping center REITs: Sustain average annual 3% NOI growth from a high-quality, growing portfolio of thriving community and neighborhood shopping centers. We earn revenues and generate cash flow by leasing space in our shopping centers to grocery stores, major retail anchors, restaurants, side-shop retailers, and service providers, as well as ground leasing or selling out-parcels to these same types of tenants. We experience growth in revenues by increasing occupancy and rental rates in our existing shopping centers, by acquiring and developing new shopping centers, and by redeveloping shopping centers within our portfolio. Noteworthy milestones and achievements during 2016 include: Develop new, high quality shopping centers and redevelop existing centers at attractive returns on investment from a disciplined development program. We capitalize on our development capabilities, market presence, and anchor relationships by investing in new developments and redevelopments of existing centers. We also have 16 redevelopments of existing centers in process with total expected net redevelopment costs of $112.3 million, with $66.3 million of costs to complete, and projected incremental returns ranging from 7.0% - 10.0%. 33 Maintain our strong balance sheet to provide financial flexibility, to cost effectively fund uses of capital, and to weather economic downturns. We fund acquisitions and development activities from various capital sources including operating cash flow, property sales through a disciplined match-funding strategy of selling low growth assets, equity offerings, new debt financing, and capital from our co-investment partners. Shopping Center Portfolio The following table summarizes general information related to the Consolidated Properties in our shopping center portfolio: The following table summarizes general information related to the Unconsolidated Properties owned in co-investment partnerships in our shopping center portfolio: During October 2016, the southeastern United States was hit hard by Hurricane Matthew as it moved very close to the coasts of Florida, Goergia, South Carolina and North Carolina. The Company’s shopping centers along the East Coast sustained only minor damage as a result of Hurricane Matthew. Beyond power outages at a limited number of properties, the scope of damage was limited to tree and debris removal and minor roof leaks, with no major structural damage to report. 34 For the purpose of the following disclosures of occupancy and leasing activity, anchor space is considered space greater than or equal to 10,000 SF and shop space is less than 10,000 SF. The following table summarizes pro-rata occupancy rates of our combined Consolidated and Unconsolidated shopping center portfolio: The decline in anchor percent leased is due to the Sports Authority bankruptcy and its rejection of two leases at our shopping centers. See additional discussion below about bankruptcies. The following table summarizes leasing activity, including Regency's pro-rata share of activity within the portfolio of our co-investment partnerships: (1) Number of leasing transactions reported at 100%; all other statistics reported at pro-rata share. (2) Totals for base rent, tenant improvements, and leasing commissions reflect the weighted average PSF. Total average base rent signed on our shop space leases of $31.00 increased in 2016 compared to 2015 and exceeds the average annual base rent of all shop space leases due to expire during the next twelve months of $27.93 PSF, by 11.0%. 35 Significant Tenants and Concentrations of Risk We seek to reduce our operating and leasing risks through geographic diversification and by avoiding dependence on any single property, market, or tenant. The following table summarizes our four most significant tenants, based on their percentage of annualized base rent, each of which is a grocery tenant: Bankruptcies and Credit Concerns Although base rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy may have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and cancels its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues. We monitor the operating performance and rent collections of all tenants in our shopping centers, especially those tenants with operating retail formats that are experiencing significant changes in competition, business practice, and store closings in other locations. However, no tenant represents more than 5% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis. Our management team devotes significant time to monitoring consumer preferences, shopping behaviors, and demographics to anticipate both challenges and opportunities in the changing retail industry that may affect our tenants. As a result of our findings, we may reduce new leasing, suspend leasing, or curtail the allowance for the construction of leasehold improvements within a certain retail category or to a specific retailer. During March 2016, Sports Authority filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, at which time we had three leases in our portfolio. One of those leases has been assumed by another retailer and the remaining two have been rejected and the stores closed. Those two rejected leases represented $2.1 million, or 0.4%, of total annualized base rent on a pro-rata basis. We are currently working to re-tenant these spaces. During 2016, Sears Holdings announced that it planned to accelerate the closing of a number of unprofitable stores due to continued poor sales. Sears continues to report significant declines in operating revenues and performance, and its ability to continue operating stores in our shopping centers is uncertain. We have five Sears or Kmart leases in our portfolio, which currently represent $3.1 million, or 0.6%, of total annualized base rent on a pro-rata basis. None of the announced store closures, as of this filing, are within our shopping centers. However, we are currently working to opportunistically re-tenant the spaces as the lease terms permit. 36 Results from Operations Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 to 2015 : Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased as follows: Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased as follows: Other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased $658,000 primarily as a result of parking income related to the acquisition of Market Common Clarendon. We earned fees, at market-based rates, for asset management, property management, leasing, acquisition, and financing services that we provided to our co-investment partnerships and third parties as follows: 37 Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased as follows: General and administrative expenses increased as follows: Real estate taxes increased as follows: Other operating expenses decreased $834,000 primarily due to lower acquisition and pursuit costs and less tax expenses. 38 The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $3.2 million decrease in total interest expense is due to: In connection with the early redemption of the $300 million notes, we recognized a $13.9 million charge, including a $13.2 million make-whole premium and $700,000 of unamortized debt issuance costs. Net investment income increased $2.0 million driven by realized and unrealized gains of investments held by the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. We recognized a $40.6 million charge to settle $220 million of forward starting interest rate swaps related to debt previously expected to be issued in 2017 to repay our $300 million notes due June 2017. As a result of our July 2016 equity offering and the early redemption of the notes in August 2016, the Company believed that the issuance of new fixed rate debt within the remaining period of the forward starting swaps was probable to no longer occur. Accordingly, we ceased hedge accounting and reclassified the $40.6 million paid to settle the forward starting swaps from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings. Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships increased as follows: The $17.0 million increase in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to (i) an increase in our share of the gain on sales of real estate within our Other investments in real estate partnerships; (ii) interest expense savings within GRIR resulting from decreased debt balances and refinancing activity at lower interest rates; and (iii) a decrease in depreciation expense within GRIR from fully depreciated land improvement assets. 39 The following represents the remaining components that comprised net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the three months ended September 30, 2016 , we sold three operating properties and two land parcel for gains totaling $9.6 million , as compared to gains of $27.8 million from the sale of two operating properties during the three months ended September 30, 2015 . 40 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to 2015 : Our revenues increased as summarized in the following table: Minimum rent increased as follows: Recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. Recoveries from tenants increased as follows: Other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased $2.7 million as follows: We earned fees, at market-based rates, for asset management, property management, leasing, acquisition, and financing services that we provided to our co-investment partnerships and third parties as follows: Asset management fees increased due to higher property values in our investment partnerships. Leasing commissions and other fees increased during 2016 due to a greater number of leasing transactions. 41 Changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table: Depreciation and amortization costs increased as follows: Operating and maintenance costs increased as follows: General and administrative expenses increased as follows: Real estate taxes increased as follows: Other operating expenses increased $1.0 million primarily due to higher transaction costs associated with property acquisition and pursuit costs offset by less tax expense. 42 The following table presents the components of other expense (income): The $7.9 million decrease in total interest expense is due to: During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , we recognized a $1.7 million impairment loss on one operating property and one parcel of land that have since been sold. We did not recognize any impairments for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 . In connection with the early redemption of the $300 million notes, we recognized a $13.9 million charge, including a $13.2 million make-whole premium and $700,000 of unamortized debt issuance costs. Net investment income increased $1.5 million, driven by unrealized losses within the non-qualified deferred compensation plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 . We recognized a $40.6 million charge to settle $220 million of forward starting interest rate swaps related to new debt previously expected to be issued in 2017. As a result of our July 2016 equity offering and the early redemption of the $300 million notes in August 2016, the Company believed that the issuance of new fixed rate debt within the remaining period of the forward starting swaps was probable to no longer occur. Accordingly, we ceased hedge accounting and reclassified the $40.6 million paid to settle the forward starting swaps from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings. 43 Our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships increased as follows: The $28.6 million increase in our equity in income in investments in real estate partnerships is largely attributed to (i) an increase in our share of the gain on sales of real estate within our GRIR, Columbia I, Columbia II, and Other investments in real estate partnerships; (ii) interest expense savings within GRIR resulting from decreased debt balances and refinancing activity at lower interest rates; and (iii) and a decrease in depreciation expense within GRIR from fully depreciated land improvement assets. The following represents the remaining components that comprise net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders: During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , we sold seven operating properties and twelve land parcels resulting in gains of $23.0 million , compared to gains of $34.2 million from the sale of four operating properties during 2015 . 44 Supplemental Earnings Information We use certain non-GAAP performance measures, in addition to the required GAAP presentations, as we believe these measures improve the understanding of the Company's operational results. We manage our entire real estate portfolio without regard to ownership structure, although certain decisions impacting properties owned through partnerships require partner approval. Therefore, we believe presenting our pro-rata share of operating results regardless of ownership structure, along with other non-GAAP measures, makes comparisons of other REITs' operating results to the Company's more meaningful. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. Pro-Rata Same Property NOI: Our pro-rata same property NOI, excluding termination fees, grew from the following major components: (1) See the end of the Supplemental Earnings Information section for a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure. Base rent increased $3.0 million and $10.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively, driven by increases in rental rate growth on new and renewal leases and contractual rent steps in our existing leases, with occupancy remaining flat. Recovery revenue increased $508,000 and $836,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively, as a result of increases in recoverable costs, as noted below. Other income increased $362,000 and $2.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively, as a result of lease termination fees, easement sales, and settlements in 2016. Operating expenses increased $624,000 and $1.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively, due to higher recoverable costs. 45 Same Property Rollforward: Our same property pool includes the following property count, pro-rata GLA, and changes therein: (1) SF adjustments arise from remeasurements or redevelopments. 46 NAREIT FFO and Core FFO: Our reconciliation of net income attributable to common stock and unit holders to NAREIT FFO and Core FFO is as follows: (1) Includes Regency's pro-rata share of unconsolidated investment partnerships, net of pro-rata share attributable to noncontrolling interests. 47 Reconciliation of Same Property NOI to Nearest GAAP Measure: Our reconciliation of property revenues and property expenses to Same Property NOI, on a pro-rata basis, is as follows: (1) Includes revenues and expenses attributable to non-same property, sold property, development property, and corporate activities. (2) Includes straight-line rental income, net of reserves, above and below market rent amortization, other fees, and noncontrolling interest. (3) Includes non-NOI expenses incurred at our unconsolidated real estate partnerships, including those separated out above for our consolidated properties. 48 Liquidity and Capital Resources General We utilize cash flows generated from operating, investing, and financing activities to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce risk, finance our development and redevelopment projects, fund our targeted investments, and maintain financial flexibility. We continuously monitor the capital markets and evaluate our ability to issue new debt or equity to repay maturing debt or fund our capital commitments. Our Parent Company has no capital commitments other than its guarantees of the commitments of our Operating Partnership. The Parent Company will from time to time access the capital markets for the purpose of issuing new equity and will simultaneously contribute all of the offering proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional partnership units. All debt is held by our Operating Partnership or by our co-investment partnerships. Based upon our available sources of capital, our current credit ratings, and the number of high quality, unencumbered properties we own, we believe our available capital resources are sufficient to meet our expected capital needs. In addition to its $40.9 million of cash, the Company has the following additional sources of capital available: We operate our business such that we expect net cash provided by operating activities will provide the necessary funds to pay our distributions to our common and preferred share and unit holders, which were $165.1 million and $152.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Our dividend distribution policy is set by our Board of Directors, who monitors our financial position. Our Board of Directors recently declared our common stock quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share, payable on November 30, 2016. Future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be subject to capital requirements and availability. We plan to continue paying an aggregate amount of distributions to our stock and unit holders that, at a minimum, meet the requirements to continue qualifying as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes. During the next twelve months, we estimate that we will require approximately $258.1 million of cash, including $127.4 million to complete in-process developments and redevelopments, $117.3 million to repay maturing debt, and $13.4 million to fund our pro-rata share of estimated capital contributions to our co-investment partnerships for repayment of debt. If we start new developments or redevelop additional shopping centers, our cash requirements will increase. We endeavor to maintain a high percentage of unencumbered assets. At September 30, 2016 , 83.0% of our wholly-owned real estate assets were unencumbered. Such assets allow us to access the secured and unsecured debt markets and to maintain availability on the Line. Our coverage ratio, including our pro-rata share of our partnerships, was 3.2 times and 2.7 times for the trailing four quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. We define our coverage ratio as earnings before interest, taxes, investment transaction profits net of deal costs, depreciation and amortization (“Core EBITDA”) divided by the sum of the gross interest and scheduled mortgage principal paid to our lenders plus dividends paid to our preferred stockholders. 49 Our Line, Term Loan, and unsecured loans require that we remain in compliance with various covenants, which are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . We are in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2016 and expect to remain in compliance. Summary of Cash Flow Activity The following table summarizes net cash flows related to operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company: Net cash provided by operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities increased $0.6 million due to: 50 Net cash used in investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities increased by $246.2 million as follows: Significant changes in investing activities include: 51 We plan to continue developing and redeveloping shopping centers for long-term investment. We deployed capital of $146.8 million for the development, redevelopment, and improvement of our real estate properties, comprised of the following: 52 The following table details our development projects in process: The following table summarizes our completed development projects: (1) Includes leasing costs and is net of tenant reimbursements. 53 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities: Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities increased by $339.6 million during 2016 ,as follows: Significant financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include the following: During 2015, we issued 18,125 shares of common stock through our ATM program at an average price of $64.72 per share resulting in net proceeds of $946,000 . During 2015, we used $430.4 million to repay debt, including: 54 Investments in Real Estate Partnerships At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , we had investments in real estate partnerships of $274.9 million and $306.2 million , respectively. The following table is a summary of the unconsolidated combined assets and liabilities of these co-investment partnerships and our pro-rata share: (1) Pro-rata financial information is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that providing such information is useful to investors in assessing the impact of its investments in real estate partnership activities on our operations, which includes such items on a single line presentation under the equity method in its consolidated financial statements. Our equity method investments in real estate partnerships consist of the following: 55 Notes Payable - Investments in Real Estate Partnerships Scheduled principal repayments on notes payable held by our investments in real estate partnerships were as follows: At September 30, 2016 , our investments in real estate partnerships had notes payable of $1.3 billion maturing through 2031 , of which 98.5% had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 4.9% . The remaining notes payable float over LIBOR and had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.0% . These notes payable are all non-recourse, and our pro-rata share was $476.9 million as of September 30, 2016 . As notes payable mature, we expect they will be repaid from proceeds from new borrowings and/or partner capital contributions. We are obligated to contribute our pro-rata share to fund maturities if they are not refinanced. We believe that our partners are financially sound and have sufficient capital or access thereto to fund future capital requirements. In the event that a co-investment partner was unable to fund its share of the capital requirements of the co-investment partnership, we would have the right, but not the obligation, to loan the defaulting partner the amount of its capital call. Management fee income In addition to earning our pro-rata share of net income or loss in each of these co-investment partnerships, we receive fees, as shown below: Recent Accounting Pronouncements See note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 56 Environmental Matters We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to our shopping centers pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. We believe that the tenants who currently operate dry cleaning plants or gas stations do so in accordance with current laws and regulations. Generally, we use all legal means to cause tenants to remove dry cleaning plants from our shopping centers or convert them to more environmentally friendly systems. Where available, we have applied and been accepted into state-sponsored environmental programs. We have a blanket environmental insurance policy for third-party liabilities and remediation costs on shopping centers that currently have no known environmental contamination. We have also placed environmental insurance, where possible, on specific properties with known contamination, in order to mitigate our environmental risk. We monitor the shopping centers containing environmental issues and in certain cases voluntarily remediate the sites. We also have legal obligations to remediate certain sites and we are in the process of doing so. As of September 30, 2016 we had accrued liabilities of $8.9 million for our pro-rata share of environmental remediation. We believe that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations; however, we can give no assurance that existing environmental studies on our shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties; or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to us. Inflation/Deflation Inflation has been historically low and has had a minimal impact on the operating performance of our shopping centers; however, inflation may become a greater concern in the future. Substantially all of our long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. Most of our leases require tenants to pay their pro-rata share of operating expenses, including common-area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. In addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increased rents upon re-rental at market rates. However, during deflationary periods or periods of economic weakness, minimum rents and percentage rents will decline as the supply of available retail space exceeds demand and consumer spending declines. Occupancy declines resulting from a weak economic period will also likely result in lower recovery rates of our operating expenses. 57 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk There have been no material changes from the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk disclosed in item 7A of Part II of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . Item 4. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers Corporation) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Parent Company's management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the Parent Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, the Parent Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Parent Company in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 and that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Controls and Procedures (Regency Centers, L.P.) Under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership's management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of its general partner, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 and that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 58 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are a party to various legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any litigation nor to our knowledge, is any litigation threatened against us, the outcome of which would, in our judgment based on information currently available to us, have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in item 1A. of Part I of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 . There were no purchases by the Parent Company of its common stock during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 . Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. 59 Item 6. Exhibits In reviewing any agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company, its subsidiaries or other parties to the agreements. Each agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we are responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public files, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Unless otherwise indicated below, the Commission file number to the exhibit is No. 001-12298. Ex # Description 31. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications. 31.1 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.2 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 31.3 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 31.4 Rule 13a-14 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32. Section 1350 Certifications. 32.1* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.2* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers Corporation. 32.3* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 32.4* 18 U.S.C. § 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer for Regency Centers, L.P. 101. Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document __________________________ 60 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 61