10-K 1 spg-20161231x10k.htm 10-K spg_Current_Folio_10K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10‑K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC. SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 225 West Washington Street Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) (317) 636‑1600 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well‑known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act). Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S‑T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non‑accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12‑b of the Act). The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non‑affiliates of Simon Property Group, Inc. was approximately $67,680 million based on the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange for such stock on June 30, 2016. As of January 31, 2017, Simon Property Group, Inc. had 319,824,215 and 8,000 shares of common stock and Class B common stock outstanding, respectively. Simon Property Group, L.P. had no publicly-traded voting equity as of June 30, 2016. Simon Property Group, L.P. has no common stock outstanding. Documents Incorporated By Reference Portions of Simon Property Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement in connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10‑K for the annual period ended December 31, 2016 of Simon Property Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Simon Property Group, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Simon” mean Simon Property Group, Inc. and references to the “Operating Partnership” mean Simon Property Group, L.P. References to “we,” “us” and “our” mean collectively Simon, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Simon and/or the Operating Partnership. Simon is a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. We are structured as an umbrella partnership REIT under which substantially all of our business is conducted through the Operating Partnership, Simon’s majority‑owned partnership subsidiary, for which Simon is the general partner. As of December 31, 2016, Simon owned an approximate 86.9% ownership interest in the Operating Partnership, with the remaining 13.1% ownership interest owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, Simon has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership’s day‑to‑day management. We operate Simon and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of Simon consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, Simon consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and Simon has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of Simon and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. We believe that combining the annual reports on Form 10‑K of Simon and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: We believe it is important for investors to understand the few differences between Simon and the Operating Partnership in the context of how we operate as a consolidated company. The primary difference is that Simon itself does not conduct business, other than acting as the general partner of the Operating Partnership and issuing equity or equity‑related instruments from time to time. In addition, Simon itself does not incur any indebtedness, as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership or entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds, directly or indirectly, substantially all of our assets, including our ownership interests in our joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts substantially all of our business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity issuances by Simon, which are contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for, in the case of common stock issuances by Simon, common units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or units, or, in the case of preferred stock issuances by Simon, preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or preferred units, the Operating Partnership, directly or indirectly, generates the capital required by our business through its operations, the incurrence of indebtedness, proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties and joint ventures and the issuance of units or preferred units to third parties. The presentation of stockholders’ equity, partners’ equity and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of Simon and those of the Operating Partnership. The differences between stockholders’ equity and partners’ equity result from differences in the equity issued at the Simon and Operating Partnership levels. The units held by limited partners in the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners’ equity in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in Simon’s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership’s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships. The noncontrolling interests in Simon’s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership level and, as previously stated, the units held by limited partners of the Operating Partnership. Although classified differently, total equity of Simon and the Operating Partnership is the same. To help investors understand the differences between Simon and the Operating Partnership, this report provides: 2 Table of Contents This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of Simon and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that Simon and the Operating Partnership are each compliant with Rule 13a‑14(a) or Rule 15d‑14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350. The separate discussions of Simon and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand our results on a consolidated basis and how management operates our business. In order to highlight the differences between Simon and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for Simon and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to Simon and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of Simon and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to “we” and “us” actions or holdings as being “our” actions or holdings. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures, holds assets and incurs debt, we believe that reference to “we,” “us” or “our” in this context is appropriate because the business is one enterprise and we operate substantially all of our business through the Operating Partnership. 3 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Annual Report on Form 10‑K December 31, 2016 TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Simon Property Group, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. REITs will generally not be liable for U.S. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their REIT taxable income. Simon Property Group, L.P. is our majority-owned Delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Simon" mean Simon Property Group, Inc. and references to the "Operating Partnership" mean Simon Property Group, L.P. References to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively Simon, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Simon and/or the Operating Partnership. According to the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is required to pay all expenses of Simon. We own, develop and manage retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets ® , and The Mills ® . As of December 31, 2016, we owned or held an interest in 206 income‑producing properties in the United States, which consisted of 108 malls, 67 Premium Outlets, 14 Mills, four lifestyle centers, and 13 other retail properties in 37 states and Puerto Rico. In addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at 27 properties in the United States and we have one outlet and one other significant retail project under development. Internationally, as of December 31, 2016, we had ownership interests in nine Premium Outlets in Japan, three Premium Outlets in South Korea, two Premium Outlets in Canada, one Premium Outlet in Mexico, and one Premium Outlet in Malaysia. We also own an interest in six Designer Outlet properties in Europe and one Designer Outlet property in Canada, of which four properties are consolidated. Of the six properties in Europe, two are located in Italy and one each is located in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. We also have four international outlet properties under development. As of December 31, 2016, we owned a 20.3% equity stake in Klépierre SA, or Klépierre, a publicly traded, Paris‑based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 16 countries in Europe. For a description of our operational strategies and developments in our business during 2016, see Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10‑K. Other Policies The following is a discussion of our investment policies, financing policies, conflict of interest policies and policies with respect to certain other activities. One or more of these policies may be amended or rescinded from time to time without a stockholder vote. Investment Policies While we emphasize equity real estate investments, we may also provide secured financing to or invest in equity or debt securities of other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers consistent with Simon’s qualification as a REIT. However, any of these investments would be subject to the percentage ownership limitations and gross income tests necessary for REIT qualification. These REIT limitations mean that Simon cannot make an investment that would cause its real estate assets to be less than 75% of its total assets. Simon must also derive at least 75% of its gross income directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property, including “rents from real property,” dividends from other REITs and, in certain circumstances, interest from certain types of temporary investments. In addition, Simon must also derive at least 95% of its gross income from such real property investments, and from dividends, interest and gains from the sale or dispositions of stock or securities or from other combinations of the foregoing. Subject to Simon’s REIT limitations, we may invest in the securities of other issuers in connection with acquisitions of indirect interests in real estate. Such an investment would normally be in the form of general or limited partnership or membership interests in special purpose partnerships and limited liability companies that own one or more properties. We may, in the future, acquire all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs, management companies or similar entities where such investments would be consistent with our investment policies. 5 Table of Contents Financing Policies Because Simon’s REIT qualification requires us to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, we regularly access the debt markets to raise the funds necessary to finance acquisitions, develop and redevelop properties, and refinance maturing debt. We must comply with the covenants contained in our financing agreements that limit our ratio of debt to total assets or market value, as defined. For example, the Operating Partnership’s lines of credit and the indentures for the Operating Partnership’s debt securities contain covenants that restrict the total amount of debt of the Operating Partnership to 65%, or 60% in relation to certain debt, of total assets, as defined under the related agreements, and secured debt to 50% of total assets. In addition, these agreements contain other covenants requiring compliance with financial ratios. Furthermore, the amount of debt that we may incur is limited as a practical matter by our desire to maintain acceptable ratings for the debt securities of the Operating Partnership. We strive to maintain investment grade ratings at all times for various business reasons, including their effect on our ability to access attractive capital, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in the future. If Simon’s Board of Directors determines to seek additional capital, we may raise such capital by offering equity or incurring debt, creating joint ventures with existing ownership interests in properties, entering into joint venture arrangements for new development projects, retaining cash flows or a combination of these methods. If Simon’s Board of Directors determines to raise equity capital, it may, without stockholder approval, issue additional shares of common stock or other capital stock. Simon’s Board of Directors may issue a number of shares up to the amount of our authorized capital or may issue units in any manner and on such terms and for such consideration as it deems appropriate. We may also raise additional capital by issuing common units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or units. Such securities also may include additional classes of Simon’s preferred stock or preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or preferred units, which may be convertible into common stock or units, as the case may be. Existing stockholders and unitholders have no preemptive right to purchase shares or units in any subsequent issuances of securities by us. Any issuance of equity could dilute a stockholder’s investment in Simon or a limited partner’s investment in the Operating Partnership. We expect most future borrowings will be made through the Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries. We might, however, incur borrowings through other entities that would be reloaned to the Operating Partnership. Borrowings may be in the form of bank borrowings, publicly and privately placed debt instruments, or purchase money obligations to the sellers of properties. Any such indebtedness may be secured or unsecured. Any such indebtedness may also have full or limited recourse to the borrower or be cross‑collateralized with other debt, or may be fully or partially guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. We issue unsecured debt securities through the Operating Partnership, but we may issue other debt securities which may be convertible into common or preferred stock or be accompanied by warrants to purchase common or preferred stock. We also may sell or securitize our lease receivables. Although we may borrow to fund the payment of dividends, we currently have no expectation that we will regularly do so. The Operating Partnership has a $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or Credit Facility. The Credit Facility’s initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion may be increased to $5.0 billion during its term. The initial maturity date of the Credit Facility is June 30, 2018 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2019 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The Operating Partnership also has a $3.50 billion supplemental unsecured revolving credit facility, or Supplemental Facility, and together with the Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities. On April 6, 2016, the Operating Partnership amended the Supplemental Facility to, among other matters, (i) exercise its $750.0 million accordion feature such that the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity was increased from $2.75 billion to $3.50 billion and (ii) add a new $750.0 million accordion feature to permit us to further increase the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity to $4.25 billion during its term. The initial maturity date of the Supplemental Facility is June 30, 2019 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2020 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The base interest rate on each of the Credit Facility and the Supplemental Facility is LIBOR plus 80 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points. The Credit Facilities provide for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, Yen, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. The Operating Partnership also has available a global unsecured commercial paper note program, or the Commercial Paper program, of $1.0 billion, or the non‑U.S. dollar equivalent thereof. The Operating Partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and other currencies. Notes issued in non‑U.S. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. These notes are sold under customary terms in the U.S. and Euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the Operating Partnership’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. The Commercial Paper program is supported by the Credit Facilities and, if necessary or 6 Table of Contents appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either Credit Facility to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the Commercial Paper program. We may also finance our business through the following: The Operating Partnership may also issue units to contributors of properties or other partnership interests which may permit the contributor to defer tax gain recognition under the Internal Revenue Code. We do not have a policy limiting the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any particular property. Mortgage financing instruments, however, typically limit additional indebtedness on such properties. Additionally, the Credit Facilities, our unsecured note indentures and other contracts may limit our ability to borrow and contain limits on mortgage indebtedness we may incur as well as certain financial covenants we must maintain. Typically, we invest in or form special purpose entities to assist us in obtaining secured permanent financing at attractive terms. Permanent financing may be structured as a mortgage loan on a single property, or on a group of properties, and generally requires us to provide a mortgage lien on the property or properties in favor of an institutional third party, as a joint venture with a third party, or as a securitized financing. For securitized financings, we create special purpose entities to own the properties. These special purpose entities, which are common in the real estate industry, are structured so that they would not be consolidated in a bankruptcy proceeding involving a parent company. We decide upon the structure of the financing based upon the best terms then available to us and whether the proposed financing is consistent with our other business objectives. For accounting purposes, we include the outstanding securitized debt of special purpose entities owning consolidated properties as part of our consolidated indebtedness. Conflict of Interest Policies We maintain policies and have entered into agreements designed to reduce or eliminate potential conflicts of interest. Simon has adopted governance principles governing the function, conduct, selection, orientation and duties of its subsidiaries and Simon’s Board of Directors and the Company, as well as written charters for each of the standing Committees of Simon’s Board of Directors. In addition, Simon’s Board of Directors has a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of its officers, directors, and employees and those of its subsidiaries. At least a majority of the members of Simon’s Board of Directors must qualify as independent under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, and cannot be affiliated with the Simon family, who are significant stockholders and/or unitholders in the Operating Partnership. In addition, the Audit and Compensation Committees of Simon’s Board of Directors are comprised entirely of independent members who meet the additional independence and financial sophistication requirements of the NYSE. Any transaction between us and the Simon family, including property acquisitions, service and property management agreements and retail space leases, must be approved by a majority of Simon’s non-affiliated directors. The sale by the Operating Partnership of any property that it owns may have an adverse tax impact on the Simon family or other limited partners of the Operating Partnership. In order to avoid any conflict of interest, the Simon charter requires that at least three-fourths of Simon’s independent directors must authorize and require the Operating Partnership to sell any property it owns. Any such sale is subject to applicable agreements with third parties. Noncompetition agreements executed by David Simon, Simon’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Herbert Simon, Simon’s Chairman Emeritus, as well as David Simon's employment agreement, contain covenants limiting their ability to participate in certain shopping center activities. 7 Table of Contents Policies With Respect To Certain Other Activities We intend to make investments which are consistent with Simon’s qualification as a REIT, unless Simon’s Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in Simon’s best interests to so qualify as a REIT. Simon’s Board of Directors may make such a determination because of changing circumstances or changes in the REIT requirements. Simon has authority to issue shares of its capital stock or other securities in exchange for property. We also have authority to repurchase or otherwise reacquire our shares, our units, or any other securities. On April 2, 2015, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized Simon to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock over a twenty‑four month period as market conditions warrant, or the Repurchase Program. Under the Repurchase Program, Simon may repurchase the shares in the open market, or in privately negotiated transactions. At December 31, 2016, we had remaining authority to repurchase $1.4 billion of common stock, and on February 13, 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a two-year extension of the Repurchase Program through March 31, 2019. Simon may also issue shares of its common stock, or pay cash at its option, to holders of units in future periods upon exercise of such holders’ rights under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. Our policy prohibits us from making any loans to the directors or executive officers of Simon for any purpose. We may make loans to the joint ventures in which we participate. Additionally, we may make or buy interests in loans secured by real estate properties owned by others or make investments in companies that own real estate assets. Competition The retail real estate industry is dynamic and competitive. We compete with numerous merchandise distribution channels, including malls, outlet centers, community/lifestyle centers, and other shopping centers in the United States and abroad. We also compete with internet retailing sites and catalogs which provide retailers with distribution options beyond existing brick and mortar retail properties. The existence of competitive alternatives could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease space and on the level of rents we can obtain. This results in competition for both the tenants to occupy the properties that we develop and manage as well as for the acquisition of prime sites (including land for development and operating properties). We believe that there are numerous factors that make our properties highly desirable to retailers, including: Certain Activities During the past three years, we have: 8 Table of Contents Employees At December 31, 2016, we and our affiliates employed approximately 5,000 persons at various properties and offices throughout the United States, of which approximately 1,900 were part‑time. Approximately 1,100 of these employees were located at our corporate headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana. Corporate Headquarters Our corporate headquarters are located at 225 West Washington Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, and our telephone number is (317) 636‑1600. Available Information Simon is a large accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b‑2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act) and is required, pursuant to Item 101 of Regulation S‑K, to provide certain information regarding our website and the availability of certain documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Our Internet website address is www.simon.com. Our annual reports on Form 10‑K, quarterly reports on Form 10‑Q, current reports on Form 8‑K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available or may be accessed free of charge through the “About Simon/Investor Relations/Financial Information” section of our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not, and are not intended to be, incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. The following corporate governance documents are also available through the “About Simon/Investor Relations/Corporate Governance” section of our Internet website or may be obtained in print form by request of our Investor Relations Department: Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, and Governance and Nominating Committee Charter. In addition, we intend to disclose on our Internet website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC and the NYSE. Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information with respect to Simon’s executive officers as of February 24, 2017. The executive officers of Simon serve at the pleasure of Simon’s Board of Directors except for David Simon and Richard S. Sokolov who are subject to employment agreements which may call for certain payments upon termination. Mr. Simon has served as the Chairman of Simon’s Board of Directors since 2007 and Chief Executive Officer of Simon or its predecessor since 1995. Mr. Simon has also been a director of Simon or its predecessor since its incorporation 9 Table of Contents in 1993. Mr. Simon was the President of Simon’s predecessor from 1993 to 1996. From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Simon was Vice President of Wasserstein Perella & Company. From 1985 to 1988, he was an Associate at First Boston Corp. He is the son of the late Melvin Simon and the nephew of Herbert Simon. Mr. Sokolov has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Simon or its predecessor since 1996. Mr. Sokolov has also been a director of Simon or its predecessor since 1996. Mr. Sokolov was President and Chief Executive Officer of DeBartolo Realty Corporation from its incorporation in 1994 until it merged with our predecessors in 1996. Mr. Sokolov joined its predecessor, The Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation, in 1982 as Vice President and General Counsel and was named Senior Vice President, Development and General Counsel in 1986. Mr. Juster serves as Simon’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Juster joined Melvin Simon & Associates, Inc., or MSA, in 1989 and held various financial positions with MSA until 1993 and thereafter has held various positions with Simon. Mr. Juster became Treasurer in 2001 and was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2008 and Chief Financial Officer in 2014. Mr. Contis serves as Simon’s Senior Executive Vice President and President of Simon Malls. Mr. Contis joined Simon in 2011. Prior to joining Simon, Mr. Contis served as the President of Real Estate at Equity Group Investments, LLC. Mr. Contis has over 35 years of domestic and international real estate experience including 25 years overseeing both public and private mall portfolios. Mr. Rulli serves as Simon’s Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Rulli joined MSA in 1988 and held various positions with MSA and Simon thereafter. Mr. Rulli became Chief Administrative Officer in 2007 and was promoted to Senior Executive Vice President in 2011. Mr. Fivel serves as Simon’s General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to rejoining Simon in 2011 as Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, Mr. Fivel served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Brightpoint, Inc. Mr. Fivel was previously employed by MSA from 1988 until 1993 and then by Simon from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Snyder serves as Simon’s Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Mr. Snyder joined Simon in 2016 as Senior Deputy General Counsel. Immediately prior to joining Simon, Mr. Snyder was Managing Partner of the Crimson Fulcrum Strategic Institute. Mr. Snyder previously served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Beechcraft Corporation as well as Chief Counsel Mergers & Acquisitions for Koch Industries, Inc. Mr. Broadwater serves as Simon’s Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and prior to that as Simon’s Vice President and Corporate Controller. Mr. Broadwater joined Simon in 2004 and was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer in 2009. Mr. McDade serves as Simon’s Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. McDade joined Simon in 2007 as the Director of Capital Markets and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Capital Markets in 2013. Mr. McDade was promoted to Treasurer in 2014. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward‑looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, funds from operations, or FFO, and prospects, which we refer to herein as a material adverse effect on us or as materially and adversely affecting us, and you should carefully consider them. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be material may also affect our actual results. We may update these factors in our future periodic reports. Risks Relating to Retail Operations Overall economic and market conditions may adversely affect the general retail environment. Our concentration in the retail real estate market means that we are subject to a number of factors that could adversely affect the retail environment generally, including, without limitation: We derive our operating results primarily from retail tenants, many of whom have been and continue to be under some degree of economic stress. A significant deterioration in the creditworthiness of our retail tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. Some of our properties depend on anchor stores or other major tenants to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more of these anchor stores or major tenants. Our properties are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. The value of some of our properties could be materially and adversely affected if these anchors or other major tenants fail to comply with their contractual obligations or cease their operations. For example, among department stores and other large stores — often referred to as “big box” stores — corporate merger activity typically results in the closure of duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations. Further, sustained adverse pressure on the results of our department stores and major tenants may have a similarly sustained adverse impact upon our own results. Certain department stores and other national retailers have experienced, and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future given current macroeconomic uncertainty and less‑than‑desirable levels of consumer confidence, considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition from alternative retail options such as those accessible via the Internet and other forms of pressure on their business models. As pressure on these department stores and national retailers increases, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their obligations both to us and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts by investors or rivals or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores or their seeking of a lease modification with us. Any lease modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease rents or expense recovery charges. Other tenants 11 Table of Contents may be entitled to modify the economic or other terms of, or terminate, their existing leases with us in the event of such closures. If a department store or major tenant were to close its stores at our properties, we may experience difficulty and delay and incur significant expense in replacing the tenant, as well as in leasing spaces in areas adjacent to the vacant department store or major tenant, at attractive rates, or at all. Additionally, department store or major tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. If the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions, or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. In the event of any default by a tenant, we may not be able to fully recover, and/or may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover, amounts due to us under the terms of our agreements with such parties. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. Bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants would bar all efforts by us to collect pre‑bankruptcy debts from that tenant, or from their property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre‑bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. However, if a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general unsecured claim for damages in connection with such balances. If a bankrupt tenant vacates a space, it might not do so in a timely manner, and we might be unable to re‑lease the vacated space during that time at attractive rates, or at all. Furthermore, we may be required to incur significant expense in replacing the bankrupt tenant. Any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws that limit the amount of the claim we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. We continually seek to re‑lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may make the re‑leasing of their space difficult and costly, and it also may be more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected properties. Future tenant bankruptcies may impact our ability to successfully execute our re‑leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably. Our properties compete with other retail properties and other forms of retailing such as catalogs and e‑commerce websites. Competition may come from malls, outlet centers, community/lifestyle centers, and other shopping centers, both existing as well as future development and redevelopment/expansion projects, as well as catalogs and e‑commerce. The presence of competitive alternatives affects our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. New construction, renovations and expansions at competing sites could also negatively affect our properties. We also compete with other major real estate investors and developers for attractive investment opportunities and prime development sites. Competition for the acquisition of existing properties and development sites may result in increased purchase prices and may adversely affect our ability to make attractive investments on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, we compete with other retail property companies for tenants and qualified management. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. We may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants. Also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. To the extent that our leasing goals are not achieved, we could be materially and adversely affected. 12 Table of Contents Risks Relating to Real Estate Investments and Operations Our international activities may subject us to different or greater risk from those associated with our domestic operations. As of December 31, 2016, we held interests in consolidated and joint venture properties that operate in Austria, Italy, Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, South Korea, Canada, and the United Kingdom. We also have an equity stake in Klépierre, a publicly‑traded European real estate company, which operates in 16 countries in Europe. Accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in the international operation is held. We may pursue additional investment, development and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the United States. International investment, ownership, development and redevelopment/expansion activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to: Our international activities represented approximately 6.1% of consolidated net income and 8.4% of our net operating income, or NOI, for the year ended December 31, 2016. To the extent that we expand our international activities, the above risks could increase in significance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations that could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability. Our properties are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to varying judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, competition laws, rules and agreements, landlord-tenant laws, property tax regulations, changes in real estate assessments and other laws and regulations generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations, and any associated litigation could expose us to liability. We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties. We regularly acquire and develop new properties and redevelop and expand existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. In addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. We are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following: 13 Table of Contents If a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, we could lose our investment in the project. Further, if we guarantee the property’s financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. These investments are relatively illiquid. As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic, industry, or other conditions may be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. If we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or at all or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or even exceed the carrying value of our investment. Moreover, if a property is mortgaged, we may not be able to obtain a release of the lien on that property without the payment of the associated debt and/or a substantial prepayment penalty, which could restrict our ability to dispose of the property, even though the sale might otherwise be desirable. Risks Relating to Debt and the Financial Markets We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations. As of December 31, 2016, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium, discount and debt issuance costs, totaled $23.1 billion. As a result of this indebtedness, we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows for debt service, including selected repayment at scheduled maturities, which limits our ability to use those cash flows to fund the growth of our business. We are also subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service or that we will be able to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all. Our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the applicable property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. Our indebtedness could also have other adverse consequences on us, including reducing our access to capital or increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and market conditions. In addition, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. If any of the foregoing occurs, we could be materially and adversely affected. Disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements. We depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on the willingness of lending institutions and other debt investors to grant credit to us and conditions in the capital markets in general. An economic recession may cause extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets. We rely upon the Credit Facilities as sources of funding for numerous transactions. Our access to these funds is dependent upon the ability of each of the participants to the Credit Facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. When markets are volatile, access to capital and credit markets could be disrupted over an extended period of time and one or more financial institutions may not have the available capital to meet their previous commitments to us. The failure of one or more participants to the Credit Facilities to meet their funding commitments to us could have a material adverse effect on us, including as a result of making it difficult to obtain the financing we may need for future growth and/or meeting our debt service requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for the future growth of our business or to meet our debt service requirements, or that a sufficient amount of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. The Operating Partnership’s outstanding senior unsecured notes, Credit Facilities, the Commercial Paper program, and Simon’s preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors 14 Table of Contents viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. Since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit rating, including actual changes and changes in outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit rating that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us. The agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely. We have a variety of unsecured debt, including the Credit Facilities, and secured property‑level debt. Certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain covenants, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. In addition, certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including certain coverage ratios. These covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous to us. In addition, our ability to comply with these provisions might be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with any of our financing covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the related indebtedness as well as other of our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk. We selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap all or a portion of our variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and other terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful. Our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that we could be required to fund our contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. Termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. Risks Relating to Income Taxes Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have elected to be taxed as REITs in the United States and certain international operations also are structured to be taxed in a manner similar to the REIT structure. The failure to maintain Simon’s or these subsidiaries’ qualifications as REITs or changes in local tax laws or regulations in certain of our international operations could result in adverse tax consequences. We are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. We currently follow local tax laws and regulations in various domestic and international jurisdictions. Should these laws or regulations change, the amount of taxes we pay may increase accordingly. In the United States, Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have elected to be taxed as REITs under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. We believe Simon and these subsidiaries have been organized and operated in a manner which allows them to qualify for taxation as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code. We intend to continue to operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as REITs depend upon the ability of Simon and these subsidiaries to satisfy several requirements (some of which are outside our control), including tests related to our annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. The various REIT qualification tests required by the Internal Revenue Code are highly technical and complex. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that Simon or any of these subsidiaries has operated in accordance with these requirements or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 15 Table of Contents If Simon or any of these subsidiaries fail to comply with those provisions, Simon or any such subsidiary may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as REITs. If such events occur, and if available relief provisions do not apply: Moreover, a failure by any of these subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT would also cause Simon to fail to qualify as a REIT, and the same adverse consequences would apply to it and its stockholders. Legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs, including positions taken by the IRS, could have a material adverse effect on us or our investors. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the IRS and the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the IRS and the Treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us or our investors. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the ability of Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership to qualify to be taxed as REITs and/or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification. REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. In order for Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership to qualify to be taxed as REITs, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, Simon and each such subsidiary generally must distribute at least 90% of their respective REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to their respective equity holders each year. To this point, Simon and each such subsidiary have historically distributed at least 100% of taxable income and thereby avoided income tax altogether. To the extent that Simon or any such subsidiary satisfies this distribution requirement and qualifies for taxation as a REIT, but distributes less than 100% of its REIT taxable income, Simon or any such subsidiary will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed net taxable income and could be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that is distributed to equity holders in a calendar year is less than “the required minimum distribution amount” specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to make distributions to the equity holders of Simon and the aforementioned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. From time to time, Simon and the aforementioned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership might generate taxable income greater than their respective cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. If Simon and these subsidiaries do not have other funds available in these situations, Simon and these subsidiaries could be required to access capital on unfavorable terms (the receipt of which cannot be assured), sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of capital stock or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable them to pay out enough of their respective REIT taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase costs or reduce our equity. Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund the growth of our business. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. Complying with REIT requirements might cause us to forego otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To qualify to be taxed as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of their respective 16 Table of Contents assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and “real estate assets” (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. The remainder of their respective investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. Additionally, in general, no more than 5% of the value of Simon’s and these subsidiaries’ total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25% (20% for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017) of the value of their respective total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If Simon or any of these subsidiaries fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, Simon or any such subsidiary must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we might be required to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to equity holders. In addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as REITs, Simon and these subsidiaries must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of their respective income, the amounts they distribute to equity holders and the ownership of their respective shares. We might be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source‑of‑income or asset‑diversification requirements for qualifying as REITs. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments. Partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 changes the rules applicable to U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships. Under the rules (which are generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017), among other changes and subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner’s distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto could be assessed and collected, at the partnership level. Although it is uncertain how these rules will be implemented, it is possible that they could result in partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest, being required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership, as REITs, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate‑level taxes had they owned the assets of the partnership directly. The partnership tax audit rules will apply to the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The changes created by these rules are sweeping and in many respects dependent on the promulgation of future regulations or other guidance by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the Treasury, and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us. Risks Relating to Joint Ventures We have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them. As of December 31, 2016, we owned interests in 95 income‑producing properties with other parties. Of those, 17 properties are included in our consolidated financial statements. We account for the other 78 properties, or the joint venture properties, as well as our investments in Klépierre (a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company), Aéropostale, and HBS Global Properties, or HBS, using the equity method of accounting. We serve as general partner or property manager for 57 of these 78 joint venture properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing and redeveloping the properties, require the consent of the other owners. Of the joint venture properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 17 are in our international joint ventures. These international properties are managed locally by joint ventures in which we share control of the properties with our partner. The other owners have participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the joint venture properties’ assets. The remaining joint venture properties, Klépierre, and our joint ventures with Aéropostale and HBS, are managed by third parties. These investments, and other future similar investments could involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or other owners could have 17 Table of Contents economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and could be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. These investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale or financing, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent Simon’s officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by, or disputes with, partners or other owners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we risk the possibility of being liable for the actions of our partners or other owners. The Operating Partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties. Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non‑recourse to us. Nevertheless, the joint venture’s failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. As of December 31, 2016, the Operating Partnership guaranteed joint venture related mortgage indebtedness of $400.5 million (of which we have a right of recovery from our joint venture partners of $87.3 million). A default by a joint venture under its debt obligations would expose us to liability under a guaranty. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise. Risks Relating to Environmental Matters As owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination. U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require us, as a current or previous owner or operator of real property, to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at a property or at impacted neighboring properties. These laws often impose liability regardless of whether the property owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. These laws and regulations may require the abatement or removal of asbestos containing materials in the event of damage, demolition or renovation, reconstruction or expansion of a property and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. Those laws and regulations also govern the installation, maintenance and removal of underground storage tanks used to store waste oils or other petroleum products. Many of our properties contain, or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment). We may be subject to regulatory action and may also be held liable to third parties for personal injury or property damage incurred by the parties in connection with any such laws and regulations or hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and related liabilities, may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect us. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to remediate the related contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow money using a property as collateral. Our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful. Although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. Nearly all of our properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits. These environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. However, we cannot assure you that: 18 Table of Contents Other Factors Affecting Our Business Some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. We maintain insurance coverage with third‑party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the United States. The initial portion of coverage not provided by third‑party carriers is either insured through our wholly‑owned captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us. A third‑party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide, if required, evidence of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier’s policy. A similar policy written through our captive insurance entity also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations. There are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured or are subject to large deductibles. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate but may remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property. We currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the United States on an “all risk” basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. The current U.S. federal laws which provide this coverage are expected to operate through 2020. However, the U.S. government could in the future terminate its reinsurance of terrorism, which would increase the risk of uninsured losses for terrorist acts. Despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could materially and adversely affect us. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber‑attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber‑attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e‑mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day‑to‑day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues, and we may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business. The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive management team and other key employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. Losing any one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on us. Provisions in Simon’s charter and by‑laws and in the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement could prevent a change of control. Simon’s charter contains a general restriction on the accumulation of shares in excess of 8% of its capital stock. The charter permits the members of the Simon family and related persons to own up to 18% of Simon’s capital stock. 19 Table of Contents Ownership is determined by the lower of the number of outstanding shares, voting power or value controlled. Simon’s Board of Directors may, by majority vote, permit exceptions to those levels in circumstances where Simon’s Board of Directors determines that Simon’s ability to qualify as a REIT will not be jeopardized. These restrictions on ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interest of Simon’s stockholders or the Operating Partnership’s unitholders or preferred unitholders. Other provisions of Simon’s charter and by‑laws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control even if some of Simon’s stockholders or the Operating Partnership’s unitholders or preferred unitholders deem such a change to be in their best interests. These include provisions preventing holders of Simon’s common stock from acting by written consent and requiring that up to four directors in the aggregate may be elected by holders of Class B common stock. In addition, certain provisions of the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. These include a provision requiring the consent of a majority in interest of units in order for Simon, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, to, among other matters, engage in a merger transaction or sell all or substantially all of its assets. We face possible risks associated with climate change. We cannot determine with certainty whether global warming or cooling is occurring and, if so, at what rate. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our properties in certain markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea‑levels. Over time, these conditions could result in volatile or decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, and increasing the cost of energy and snow removal at our properties. Moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations related to climate change, including compliance with “green” building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties. At this time, there can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on us. The United Kingdom’s pending departure from the European Union could have a material adverse effect on us. The United Kingdom held a referendum on June 23, 2016 in which a majority of voters voted to exit the European Union, or Brexit, which has contributed to uncertainty in the global financial markets and affected markets in the United Kingdom in particular. Negotiations are expected to commence to determine the future terms of the United Kingdom’s relationship with the European Union, including, among other things, the terms of trade between the United Kingdom and the European Union. The effects of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union will depend on agreements the United Kingdom makes to retain access to European Union markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. Brexit is likely to continue to impact the United Kingdom, European and worldwide economic and market conditions, and could contribute to greater instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets before and after the terms of the United Kingdom’s future relationships with the European Union are settled. Further, financial and other markets may suffer losses as a result of other countries determining to withdraw from the European Union or from any future significant changes to the European Union’s structure and/or regulations. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate. We currently hold, and may acquire additional, equity interests in properties located in the United Kingdom and Europe, as well as other investments that are denominated in Pounds Sterling and Euros. In addition, our Operating Partnership has issued, and may issue in the future, senior unsecured notes denominated in Euros. Any of the effects of Brexit described above, and others we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on us, including the value of our properties and investments and our potential growth in Europe, and could amplify the currency risks faced by us. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties United States Properties Our U.S. properties primarily consist of malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, lifestyle centers and other retail properties. These properties contain an aggregate of approximately 182.3 million square feet of gross leasable area, or GLA. 20 Table of Contents Malls typically contain at least one traditional department store anchor or a combination of anchors and big box retailers with a wide variety of smaller stores connecting the anchors. Additional stores are usually located along the perimeter of the parking area. Our 108 malls are generally enclosed centers and range in size from approximately 260,000 to 2.7 million square feet of GLA. Our malls contain in the aggregate more than 13,600 occupied stores, including 504 anchors, which are predominately national or international retailers. Premium Outlets generally contain a wide variety of designer and manufacturer stores located in open‑air centers. Our 67 Premium Outlets range in size from approximately 150,000 to 890,000 square feet of GLA. The Premium Outlets are generally located within a close proximity to major metropolitan areas and/or tourist destinations. The 14 properties in The Mills generally range in size from 1.2 million to 2.3 million square feet of GLA and are located in major metropolitan areas. They have a combination of traditional mall, outlet center, and big box retailers and entertainment uses. We also have interests in four lifestyle centers and 13 domestic other retail properties. The lifestyle centers range in size from 160,000 to 900,000 square feet of GLA. The other retail properties range in size from approximately 160,000 to 850,000 square feet of GLA and are considered non‑core to our business model. In total, the lifestyle centers and other retail properties represent approximately 1.0% of our total operating income before depreciation and amortization. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 96.8% of the owned GLA in malls and Premium Outlets was leased and approximately 98.4% of the owned GLA for The Mills was leased. We wholly own 134 of our properties, effectively control 13 properties in which we have a joint venture interest, and hold the remaining 59 properties through unconsolidated joint venture interests. We are the managing or co‑managing general partner or member of 202 properties in the United States. Certain of our joint venture properties are subject to various rights of first refusal, buy‑sell provisions, put and call rights, or other sale or marketing rights for partners which are customary in real estate partnership agreements and the industry. We and our partners in these joint ventures may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions) which may result in either the sale of our interest or the use of available cash or borrowings, or the use of Operating Partnership units, to acquire the joint venture interest from our partner. On April 13, 2015, we announced a joint venture with Sears Holdings, or Sears, whereby Sears contributed 10 of its properties located at our malls to the joint venture in exchange for a 50% noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. Seritage Growth Properties, or Seritage, a public REIT recently formed by Sears, now holds Sears’ interest in the joint venture. 21 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties The following property table summarizes certain data for our malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, lifestyle centers and other retail properties located in the United States, including Puerto Rico, as of December 31, 2016. 22 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 23 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 24 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 25 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 26 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 27 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 28 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 29 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 30 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 31 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 32 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 33 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 34 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties 35 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table U.S. Properties FOOTNOTES: 36 Table of Contents United States Lease Expirations The following table summarizes lease expiration data for our malls and Premium Outlets located in the United States, including Puerto Rico, as of December 31, 2016. The data presented does not consider the impact of renewal options that may be contained in leases. U.S. MALLS AND PREMIUM OUTLETS LEASE EXPIRATIONS (1) International Properties Our ownership interests in properties outside the United States are primarily owned through joint venture arrangements. With the exception of our Premium Outlets in Canada, all of our international properties are managed by third parties. 37 Table of Contents European Investments At December 31, 2016, we owned 63,924,148 shares, or approximately 20.3%, of Klépierre, which had a quoted market price of $39.50 per share. Klépierre is a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in shopping centers located in 16 countries. As of December 31, 2016, we had a controlling interest in a European investee with interests in seven Designer Outlet properties. Six of the outlet properties are located in Europe and one outlet property is located in Canada. Of the six properties in Europe, two are in Italy and one each is in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2016, our legal percentage ownership interests in these entities ranged from 45% to 90%. In February 2016, we and our partner, through this European investee, acquired a noncontrolling 75.0% ownership interest in an outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany . On July 25, 2016, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice. In addition, we have a noncontrolling interest in a European property management and development company that provides services to the Designer Outlet properties. We own a 14.6% interest in Value Retail PLC and affiliated entities, which own and operate nine luxury outlets throughout Europe. We also have a minority direct ownership in three of those outlets. Other International Investments We also hold a 40% interest in nine operating joint venture properties in Japan, a 50% interest in three operating joint venture properties in South Korea, a 50% interest in one operating joint venture property in Mexico, a 50% interest in one operating joint venture property in Malaysia, and a 50% interest in two operating joint venture properties in Canada. The nine Japanese Premium Outlets operate in various cities throughout Japan and comprise over 3.2 million square feet of GLA and were 99.5% leased as of December 31, 2016. The following property tables summarize certain data for our international properties as of December 31, 2016 and do not include our equity investment in Klépierre or our cost method investment in Value Retail PLC and affiliated entities. 38 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table International Properties 39 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table International Properties 40 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Property Table International Properties FOOTNOTES: 41 Table of Contents Land We have direct or indirect ownership interests in approximately 300 acres of land held in the United States and Canada for future development. Sustainability We incorporate sustainable thinking into many of the areas of our business; from how we plan, develop, and operate our properties, to how we do business with our customers, engage with our communities, and create a productive and positive work environment for our employees. Our sustainability framework focuses on four key areas: Properties, Customers, Communities, and Employees. We leverage sustainability to achieve cost efficiencies in our operations. By implementing a range of energy management practices and continuous energy monitoring and reporting, we have reduced our energy consumption at comparable properties every year since 2003. As a result, excluding new developments, we have reduced the electricity usage over which we have direct control by 331 million kWhs since 2003. This represents a 33% reduction in electricity usage across a portfolio of comparable properties. Our reduction in greenhouse gas emissions resulting from our energy management efforts in the same time period is 207,543 metric tons of CO2e. This figure only includes emission streams that have been consistently tracked since 2003. Additional emission streams, such as emissions generated from solid waste management, use of refrigerants and tenants’ plug-load consumptions, were included in Simon’s sustainability disclosure since 2013 and are reported in Simon’s annual sustainability report published in accordance with the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI), the most widely used international standard for sustainability reporting. Simon’s sustainability performance was once again recognized by international organizations. In 2016, Simon was awarded a score of A- by CDP, identifying us as a leader in the retail real estate sector for driving significant reduction in emissions. Simon was also awarded a Green Star ranking - the highest designation awarded for leadership in sustainability performance by the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB). Mortgage Financing on Properties The following table sets forth certain information regarding the mortgages encumbering our properties, and the properties held by our domestic and international joint venture arrangements, and also our unsecured corporate debt. Substantially all of the mortgage and property related debt is nonrecourse to us. 42 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 43 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 44 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 45 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 46 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 47 Table of Contents Mortgage and Unsecured Debt As of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) The changes in consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 48 Table of Contents Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are involved from time‑to‑time in various legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, but not limited to, commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that our current proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. We record a liability when a loss is considered probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 49 Table of Contents Part II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Simon Market Information Simon’s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “SPG”. The quarterly price range for the shares and the dividends declared per share for each quarter in the last two fiscal years are shown below: There is no established public trading market for Simon’s Class B common stock. Dividends on the Class B common stock are identical to the common stock. Holders The number of holders of record of common stock outstanding was 1,208 as of February 14, 2017. The Class B common stock is subject to two voting trusts as to which Herbert Simon and David Simon are the trustees. Shares of Class B common stock convert automatically into an equal number of shares of common stock upon the occurrence of certain events and can be converted into shares of common stock at the option of the holders. Dividends We must pay a minimum amount of dividends to maintain Simon’s status as a REIT. Simon’s future dividends and future distributions of the Operating Partnership will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain Simon’s status as a REIT. Common stock cash dividends during 2016 aggregated $6.50 per share. Common stock cash dividends during 2015 aggregated $6.05 per share. In January 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.75 per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2017 to stockholders of record on February 14, 2017. We offer a dividend reinvestment plan that allows Simon’s stockholders to acquire additional shares by automatically reinvesting cash dividends. Shares are acquired pursuant to the plan at a price equal to the prevailing market price of such shares, without payment of any brokerage commission or service charge. 50 Table of Contents Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities During the fourth quarter of 2016, we issued an aggregate of 250,500 shares of common stock to limited partners of the Operating Partnership in exchange for an equal number of units pursuant to the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, as follows: In each case, the issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Issuances Under Equity Compensation Plans For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Operating Partnership Market Information There is no established trading market for units or preferred units. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated, the distributions declared on the Operating Partnership’s units: Holders The number of holders of record of units was 266 as of February 14, 2017. 51 Table of Contents Distributions The Operating Partnership makes distributions on its units in amounts sufficient to maintain Simon's qualification as a REIT. Simon is required each year to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income after certain adjustments. Future distributions will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the distributions that may be required to maintain Simon's status as a REIT. Distributions during 2016 aggregated $6.50 per unit. Distributions during 2015 aggregated $6.05 per unit. In January 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.75 per share. The distribution rate on the Operating Partnership’s units is equal to the dividend rate on Simon’s common stock. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. 52 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following tables set forth selected financial data. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto and with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Other data we believe is important in understanding trends in our business is also included in the tables. 53 Table of Contents 54 Table of Contents Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Overview Simon Property Group, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. REITs will generally not be liable for U.S. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their REIT taxable income. Simon Property Group, L.P. is our majority-owned Delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. In this discussion, unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Simon" mean Simon Property Group, Inc. and references to the "Operating Partnership" mean Simon Property Group, L.P. References to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively Simon, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Simon and/or the Operating Partnership. According to the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is required to pay all expenses of Simon. We own, develop and manage retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets ® , and The Mills ® . As of December 31, 2016, we owned or held an interest in 206 income‑producing properties in the United States, which consisted of 108 malls, 67 Premium Outlets, 14 Mills, four lifestyle centers, and 13 other retail properties in 37 states and Puerto Rico. In addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at 27 properties in the United States and we have one outlet and one other significant retail project under development. Internationally, as of December 31, 2016, we had ownership interests in nine Premium Outlets in Japan, three Premium Outlets in South Korea, two Premium Outlets in Canada, one Premium Outlet in Mexico, and one Premium Outlet in Malaysia. We also own an interest in six Designer Outlet properties in Europe and one Designer Outlet property in Canada, of which four properties are consolidated. Of the six properties in Europe, two are located in Italy and one each is located in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. We also have four international outlet properties under development. As of December 31, 2016, we owned a 20.3% equity stake in Klépierre SA, or Klépierre, a publicly traded, Paris‑based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 16 countries in Europe. We generate the majority of our revenues from leases with retail tenants, including: Revenues of our management company, after intercompany eliminations, consist primarily of management fees that are typically based upon the revenues of the property being managed. We invest in real estate properties to maximize total financial return which includes both operating cash flows and capital appreciation. We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or FFO, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. We seek to accomplish this growth through the following: We also grow by generating supplemental revenue from the following activities: 55 Table of Contents We focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. We expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk‑reward criteria. We selectively develop new properties in markets we believe are not adequately served by existing retail outlet properties. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. To support our growth, we employ a three‑fold capital strategy: We consider FFO, net operating income, or NOI, and comparable property NOI (NOI for properties owned and operated in both periods under comparison) to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. We use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. Reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measure are included below in this discussion. Results Overview Diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit decreased $0.01 during 2016 to $5.87 as compared to $5.88 in 2015. The decrease in diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit was primarily attributable to: 56 Table of Contents Core business fundamentals improved during 2016, primarily driven by increased leasing activity. Portfolio NOI grew by 6.7% in 2016 as compared to 2015. Comparable property NOI grew 3.6% for our portfolio of U.S. Malls, Premium Outlets, and The Mills. Total sales per square foot, or psf, were relatively flat at $614 psf at December 31, 2016 compared to $620 psf at December 31, 2015, for our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets. Average base minimum rent for U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets increased 5.4% to $51.59 psf as of December 31, 2016, from $48.96 psf as of December 31, 2015. Leasing spreads in our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets were favorable as we were able to lease available square feet at higher rents, resulting in an open/close leasing spread (based on total tenant payments — base minimum rent plus common area maintenance) of $7.82 psf ($69.20 openings compared to $61.38 closings) as of December 31, 2016, representing a 12.7% increase. Ending occupancy for our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets was near historically peak levels at 96.8% as of December 31, 2016, as compared to 96.1% as of December 31, 2015, an increase of 70 basis points, primarily due to the effect of vacancies created as a result of tenant bankruptcies during 2015. Our effective overall borrowing rate at December 31, 2016 on our consolidated indebtedness decreased 49 basis points to 3.39% as compared to 3.88% at December 31, 2015. This reduction was primarily due to a decrease in the effective overall borrowing rate on fixed rate debt of 66 basis points (3.46% at December 31, 2016 as compared to 4.12% at December 31, 2015) partially offset by an increase in the effective overall borrowing rate on variable rate debt of 26 basis points (1.76% at December 31, 2016 as compared to 1.50% at December 31, 2015). At December 31, 2016, the weighted average years to maturity of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.4 years as compared to 5.9 years at December 31, 2015. Our financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 included: United States Portfolio Data The portfolio data discussed in this overview includes the following key operating statistics: ending occupancy, average base minimum rent per square foot, and total sales per square foot for our domestic assets. We include acquired 57 Table of Contents properties in this data beginning in the year of acquisition and remove disposed properties in the year of disposition. The Washington Prime Group Inc., or Washington Prime, properties have been removed from the portfolio data for all periods presented. For comparative purposes, we separate the information related to The Mills from our other U.S. operations. We also do not include any properties located outside the United States. The following table sets forth these key operating statistics for: Ending Occupancy Levels and Average Base Minimum Rent per Square Foot. Ending occupancy is the percentage of gross leasable area, or GLA, which is leased as of the last day of the reporting period. We include all company owned space except for mall anchors, mall majors, mall freestanding and mall outlots in the calculation. Base minimum rent per square foot is the average base minimum rent charge in effect for the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in ending occupancy. Total Sales per Square Foot. Total sales include total reported retail tenant sales on a trailing 12‑month basis at owned GLA (for mall stores with less than 10,000 square feet) in the malls and The Mills and stores with less than 20,000 square feet in the Premium Outlets. Retail sales at owned GLA affect revenue and profitability levels because sales determine the amount of minimum rent that can be charged, the percentage rent realized, and the recoverable expenses (common area maintenance, real estate taxes, etc.) that tenants can afford to pay. Current Leasing Activities During 2016, we signed 960 new leases and 1,270 renewal leases (excluding mall anchors and majors, new development, redevelopment and leases with terms of one year or less) with a fixed minimum rent across our U.S. Malls 58 Table of Contents and Premium Outlets portfolio, comprising approximately 7.3 million square feet, of which 5.4 million square feet related to consolidated properties. During 2015, we signed 1,068 new leases and 1,217 renewal leases with a fixed minimum rent, comprising approximately 7.3 million square feet, of which 5.6 million square feet related to consolidated properties. The average annual initial base minimum rent for new leases was $59.45 per square foot in 2016 and $59.84 per square foot in 2015 with an average tenant allowance on new leases of $39.29 per square foot and $30.42 per square foot, respectively. Japan Data The following are selected key operating statistics for our Premium Outlets in Japan. The information used to prepare these statistics has been supplied by the managing venture partner. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time to time, we reevaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, see Note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 59 Table of Contents Results of Operations In addition to the activity discussed above in the “Results Overview” section, the following acquisitions, openings, and dispositions of consolidated properties affected our consolidated results from continuing operations in the comparative periods: 60 Table of Contents In addition to the activities discussed above and in “Results Overview”, the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of joint venture properties affected our income from unconsolidated entities in the comparative periods: For the purposes of the following comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the 61 Table of Contents years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the above transactions are referred to as the property transactions. In the following discussions of our results of operations, “comparable” refers to properties we owned and operated in both years in the year‑to‑year comparisons. Year Ended December 31, 2016 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2015 Minimum rents increased $216.2 million during 2016, of which the property transactions accounted for $73.5 million of the increase. Comparable rents increased $142.7 million, or 4.6%, primarily attributable to an increase in base minimum rents as well as incremental revenue from our redevelopment and expansion activity. Overage rent decreased $32.6 million as a result of decreased tenant sales and an increase in the overage breakpoints as compared to 2015. Tenant reimbursements increased $49.2 million, due to a $22.2 million increase attributable to the property transactions and a $27.0 million, or 1.9%, increase in the comparable properties due to annual fixed contractual increases related to common area maintenance and real estate tax recoveries. Total other income decreased $49.1 million, primarily due to an $80.2 million gain on the sale of marketable securities recorded during 2015 and a $25.0 million decrease in lease settlement income, partially offset by a $36.2 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our investments in two multi-family residential investments during 2016, a $7.6 million increase in land sale activity and an increase in Simon Brand Ventures and gift card revenue of $13.1 million. Depreciation and amortization expense increased $75.1 million primarily due to the additional depreciable assets related to the property transactions and our continued redevelopment and expansion activities. Other expenses increased $14.1 million primarily due to the write off of pre-development costs of $31.5 million related to the Copley residential tower project that we are no longer pursuing, partially offset by a decrease in legal costs and professional fees and a more favorable net foreign currency revaluation impact on foreign currency‑denominated assets and liabilities during 2015. Interest expense decreased $66.1 million primarily due to the net impact of our financing activities during 2016 and 2015 and the reduction in our effective overall borrowing rate as previously discussed. During 2016, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $136.8 million as a result of an early redemption of senior unsecured notes. During 2015, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $121.0 million as a result of an early redemption of senior unsecured notes. Income and other taxes increased $9.5 million as a result of taxes due on the sale of one of the multi-family residential investments and taxes related to certain of our international investments. Income from unconsolidated entities increased $68.5 million primarily due to favorable results of operations and financing activity of joint venture properties as well as our acquisition and development activity. During 2016, we recorded a gain related to Klépierre’s sale of certain assets, our sale of three consolidated retail properties and disposition of our interests in four unconsolidated retail properties. The aggregate gain on the transactions was $43.2 million. We also recorded a non-cash remeasurement gain of $41.4 million related to the change in control of our interest in the European outlet properties as further discussed in Note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. During 2015, we disposed of our interests in three unconsolidated retail properties resulting in a gain of $43.6 million and we recorded a non‑cash gain on Klépierre’s acquisition of Corio of $206.9 million as discussed in Note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Simon’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased $15.8 million primarily due to a decrease in the net income of the Operating Partnership. Year Ended December 31, 2015 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2014 Minimum rents increased $180.1 million during 2015, of which the property transactions accounted for $55.7 million of the increase. Comparable rents increased $124.4 million, or 4.3%, primarily attributable to an increase in base minimum rents. Tenant reimbursements increased $83.2 million, due to a $27.6 million increase attributable to the property transactions and a $55.6 million, or 4.2%, increase in the comparable properties primarily due to annual fixed contractual increases related to common area maintenance and real estate tax recoveries. 62 Table of Contents Total other income increased $124.8 million, principally as a result of the following: Property operating expense increased $27.4 million, due to a $12.1 million increase related to the property transactions, and a $15.3 million increase in comparable property activity as a result of inflationary cost increases. Real estate taxes increased $48.7 million, of which the property transactions accounted for $15.3 million, with the remaining increase primarily caused by higher tax estimates in 2015. During 2015, we recorded a provision for credit losses of $6.6 million whereas in the prior year the provision was $12.0 million, a reflection of the overall strong economic health of our tenants. Other expenses increased $11.2 million primarily due to an increase in legal costs and professional fees as well as acquisition‑related costs in the first quarter of 2015, partially offset by a favorable net foreign currency revaluation impact on foreign currency‑denominated assets and liabilities. Interest expense decreased $68.9 million primarily due to the net impact of our financing activities during 2015 and 2014 and the reduction in our effective overall borrowing rate as previously discussed. During 2015, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $121.0 million as a result of an early redemption of senior unsecured notes. During 2014, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $127.6 million as a result of the tender offers and redemption of senior unsecured notes. Income and other taxes decreased $7.9 million primarily due to taxes related to certain of our international investments. Income from unconsolidated entities increased $58.0 million primarily due to favorable results of operations and financing activity of joint venture properties as well as our acquisition and development activity. During 2015, we disposed of our interests in three unconsolidated retail properties resulting in a gain of $43.6 million and we recorded a non‑cash gain on Klépierre’s acquisition of Corio of $206.9 million as discussed in Note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. During 2014, we recorded a gain related to Klépierre’s sale of a portfolio of 126 properties and our disposal of three retail properties. Additionally, in 2014, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in Arizona Mills from our joint venture partner. The property was previously accounted for under the equity method and we recognized a non‑cash gain upon consolidation of this property. The aggregate gain recognized on these 2014 transactions was $158.3 million. Discontinued operations decreased $67.5 million as the twelve months of 2014 included approximately five months of our ownership of the Washington Prime properties, whereas 2015 did not include any ownership of those properties. Results for 2014 also included $38.2 million in transaction costs related to the Washington Prime spin‑off. Simon’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $68.7 million due to an increase in the net income of the Operating Partnership. Liquidity and Capital Resources Because we own long‑lived income‑producing assets, our financing strategy relies primarily on long‑term fixed rate debt. Floating rate debt comprised only 3.8% of our total consolidated debt at December 31, 2016. We also enter into interest rate protection agreements to manage our interest rate risk. We derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $3.9 billion in the aggregate during 2016. In addition, the Credit Facilities and the Commercial Paper program provide alternative sources of liquidity as our cash needs vary from time to time. Borrowing capacity under these sources may be increased as discussed further below. Our balance of cash and cash equivalents decreased $141.1 million during 2016 to $560.1 million as of December 31, 2016 as further discussed in “Cash Flows” below. On December 31, 2016, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of approximately $6.2 billion under the Credit Facilities, net of outstanding borrowings of $316.5 million, and amounts outstanding under the Commercial Paper 63 Table of Contents program of $953.7 million and letters of credit of $18.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the maximum amount outstanding under the Credit Facilities was $1.5 billion and the weighted average amount outstanding was $596.4 million. The weighted average interest rate was 0.95% for the year ended December 31, 2016. Further, on April 6, 2016, the Operating Partnership amended the Supplemental Facility to, among other matters, (i) exercise its $750.0 million accordion feature such that the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity was increased from $2.75 billion to $3.50 billion and (ii) add a new $750.0 million accordion feature to permit us to further increase the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity to $4.25 billion during its term. Simon has historically had access to public equity markets and the Operating Partnership has historically had access to private and public long and short-term unsecured debt markets and access to secured debt and private equity from institutional investors at the property level. Our business model and Simon’s status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. Simon may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the Credit Facilities and the Commercial Paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2017. Cash Flows Our net cash flow from operating activities and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities totaled $3.9 billion during 2016. In addition, we had net proceeds from our debt financing and repayment activities, including the $136.8 million debt extinguishment charge, of $79.3 million in 2016. These activities are further discussed below under “Financing and Debt.” During 2016, we also: In general, we anticipate that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, monthly debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and dividends to stockholders and/or distributions to partners necessary to maintain Simon’s REIT qualification on a long‑term basis. In addition, we expect to be able to generate or obtain capital for nonrecurring capital expenditures, such as acquisitions, major building redevelopments and expansions, as well as for scheduled principal maturities on outstanding indebtedness, from: We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2017, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. These cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our retail tenants. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper program, curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing as discussed above. 64 Table of Contents Financing and Debt Unsecured Debt At December 31, 2016, our unsecured debt consisted of $15.4 billion of senior unsecured notes of the Operating Partnership, $316.5 million outstanding under the Operating Partnership’s Supplemental Facility, and $953.7 million outstanding under the Operating Partnership’s Commercial Paper program. The December 31, 2016 balance on the Supplemental Facility included $191.5 million (U.S. dollar equivalent) of Yen-denominated borrowings. At December 31, 2016, the outstanding amount under the Commercial Paper program was $953.7 million, of which $79.3 million was related to the U.S. dollar equivalent of Euro-denominated notes. Foreign currency denominated borrowings under both the Credit Facility and Commercial Paper program are designated as net investment hedges of a portion of our international investments. On December 31, 2016, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $6.2 billion under the Credit Facilities. The maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the Credit Facilities during the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1.5 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $596.4 million. Letters of credit of $18.8 million were outstanding under the Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2016. The Credit Facility’s initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion may be increased to $5.0 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, Yen, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. Borrowings in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are limited to 75% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. The initial maturity date of the Credit Facility is June 30, 2018 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2019 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The base interest rate on the Credit Facility is LIBOR plus 80 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points. On April 6, 2016, the Operating Partnership amended the Supplemental Facility to, among other matters, (i) exercise its $750.0 million accordion feature such that the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity was increased from $2.75 billion to $3.50 billion and (ii) add a new $750.0 million accordion feature to permit us to further increase the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity to $4.25 billion during its term. The initial maturity date of the Supplemental Facility is June 30, 2019 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2020 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The base interest rate on the amended Supplemental Facility is LIBOR plus 80 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points. The Supplemental Facility provides for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, Yen, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. The Operating Partnership also has available a Commercial Paper program of $1.0 billion, or the non-U.S. dollar equivalent thereof. The Operating Partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and other currencies. Notes issued in non-U.S. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Notes will be sold under customary terms in the U.S. and Euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the Operating Partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness. The Commercial Paper program is supported by the Credit Facilities and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either Credit Facility to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the Commercial Paper program. On December 31, 2016, we had $953.7 million outstanding under the Commercial Paper program, comprised of $874.4 million outstanding in U.S. dollar denominated notes and $79.3 million (U.S. dollar equivalent) of Euro denominated notes with weighted average interest rates of 0.83% and -0.25%, respectively. The borrowings mature on various dates from January 3, 2017 to June 16, 2017 and reduce amounts otherwise available under the Credit Facilities. On January 13, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 2.50% with a maturity date of July 15, 2021 and $800.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 3.30% with a maturity date of January 15, 2026. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Credit Facility, unencumber three properties and redeem senior unsecured notes at par in February 2016. On May 13, 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership issued ‎€500.0 million ($566.7 million U.S. dollar equivalent) of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 1.25% with a maturity date of May 13, 2025. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Euro-denominated borrowings on the Credit Facilities and to repay at maturity the Euro-denominated borrowings under the Commercial Paper program, and for general corporate purposes. On November 23, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 2.35% with a maturity date of January 30, 2022, $750.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 65 Table of Contents 3.25% with a maturity date of November 30, 2026 and $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a maturity date of November 30, 2046. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Supplemental Facility, to redeem senior unsecured notes at par in December 2016 and for the early redemption of senior unsecured notes in December 2016. During 2016, the Operating Partnership repaid a $240.0 million unsecured term loan, redeemed at par or repaid at maturity $1.2 billion of senior unsecured notes with fixed interest rates ranging from 2.80% to 6.10% and completed the early redemption of a series of senior unsecured notes comprising $650.0 million with a fixed interest rate of 10.35%. We recorded a $136.8 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2016 as a result of the early redemption. Mortgage Debt Total mortgage indebtedness was $6.5 billion and $6.6 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we repaid $638.9 million in mortgage loans, with a weighted average interest rate of 7.03%, unencumbering six properties. On January 1, 2016, we consolidated the European investee that held our interests in six Designer Outlet properties, as we gained control of the investee through terms of the underlying venture agreement. This resulted in the consolidation of two of the six operating properties – Parndorf Designer Outlet and Roermond Designer Outlet, subject to existing acquisition date EURIBOR -based variable mortgage loans of $100.6 million and $196.8 million, respectively (both amounts U.S. dollar equivalents). The loans mature on May 25, 2022 and December 18, 2021 and bear interest at 1.90% and 1.88%, respectively. On July 25, 2016, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice as well as the remaining interests in related expansion projects. This resulted in the consolidation of these two properties – La Reggia Designer Outlet and Venice Designer Outlet, subject to existing acquisition date EURIBOR -based variable rate mortgage loans of $62.1 million and $89.0 million, respectively (both amounts U.S. dollar equivalents). The loans mature on March 31, 2027 and June 30, 2020, respectively, and bear interest at 1.13% and 1.68%, respectively. Covenants Our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non‑financial covenants. If we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. As of December 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt. At December 31, 2016, we or our subsidiaries were the borrowers under 45 non‑recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 48 properties, including two separate pools of cross‑defaulted and cross‑collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. Under these cross‑default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross‑defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. Certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non‑financial covenants which are specific to the properties which serve as collateral for that debt. If the applicable borrower under these non-recourse mortgage notes fails to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its right against their collateral. At December 31, 2016, the applicable borrowers under these non‑recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non‑compliance could individually, or giving effect to applicable cross‑default provisions in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 66 Table of Contents Summary of Financing Our consolidated debt, adjusted to reflect outstanding derivative instruments, and the effective weighted average interest rates as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): Contractual Obligations and Off-balance Sheet Arrangements In regards to long‑term debt arrangements, the following table summarizes the material aspects of these future obligations on our consolidated indebtedness as of December 31, 2016, and subsequent years thereafter (dollars in thousands) assuming the obligations remain outstanding through initial maturities, including applicable exercise of available extension options: Our off‑balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of our investments in joint ventures which are common in the real estate industry and are described in Note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Our joint ventures typically fund their cash needs through secured debt financings obtained by and in the name of the joint venture entity. The joint venture debt is secured by a first mortgage, is without recourse to the joint venture partners, and does not represent a liability of the partners, except to the extent the partners or their affiliates expressly guarantee the joint venture debt. As of December 31, 2016, the Operating Partnership guaranteed joint venture related mortgage indebtedness of $400.5 million (of which we have a right of recovery from our venture partners of $87.3 million). Mortgages guaranteed by the Operating Partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise. Acquisitions and Dispositions Buy‑sell, marketing rights, and other exit mechanisms are common in real estate partnership agreements. Most of our partners are institutional investors who have a history of direct investment in retail real estate. We and our partners in our joint venture properties may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions). If we 67 Table of Contents determine it is in our stockholders’ best interests for us to purchase the joint venture interest and we believe we have adequate liquidity to execute the purchase without hindering our cash flows, then we may initiate these provisions or elect to buy our partner’s interest. If we decide to sell any of our joint venture interests, we expect to use the net proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness or to reinvest in development, redevelopment, or expansion opportunities. Acquisitions. On January 15, 2015, we acquired a 100% interest in Jersey Gardens (renamed The Mills at Jersey Gardens) in Elizabeth, New Jersey and University Park Village in Fort Worth, Texas, for $677.9 million of cash and the assumption of existing mortgage debt of $405.0 million. In February 2016, we and our partner, through our European investee, acquired a noncontrolling 75% ownership interest in an outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany for cash consideration of approximately $38.3 million. On July 25, 2016, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice as well as the remaining interests in related expansion projects and working capital for cash consideration of approximately €145.5 million. This resulted in the consolidation of these two properties on the acquisition date, requiring a remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value and the recognition of a non-cash gain of $29.3 million in earnings during the third quarter of 2016. On April 14, 2016, we and our joint venture partner completed the acquisition of The Shops at Crystals, a 262,000 square foot luxury shopping center on the Las Vegas Strip, for $1.1 billion. The transaction was funded with a combination of cash on hand, cash from our partner, and a $550.0 million 3.74% fixed-rate mortgage financing that will mature on July 1, 2026. We have a 50% noncontrolling interest in this joint venture and will manage the day-to-day operations. Dispositions. We continue to pursue the disposition of properties that no longer meet our strategic criteria or that are not a primary retail venue within their trade area. During 2015, we disposed of our interests in three unconsolidated retail properties. The aggregate gain recognized on these transactions was approximately $43.6 million. During 2016, we disposed of our interests in two unconsolidated multi-family residential investments, three consolidated retail properties, and four unconsolidated retail properties. Our share of the gross proceeds from these transactions was $81.8 million. The gain on the consolidated retail properties was $12.4 million. The gain on the unconsolidated retail properties was $22.6 million. The aggregate gain of $36.2 million from the sale of the two unconsolidated residential investments is included in other income and resulted in an additional $7.2 million in taxes included in income and other taxes As discussed in Note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, Klépierre disposed of its interest in certain Scandinavian properties during the fourth quarter resulting in a gain of which our share was $8.1 million. Joint Venture Formation Activity On September 15, 2016, we and our partners, through two separate joint ventures, acquired certain assets and liabilities of Aéropostale, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. Our noncontrolling interest in the retail operations venture and in the licensing venture is 49.05% and 28.45%, respectively. Our aggregate investment in the ventures was $33.1 million, which includes our share of working capital funded into the retail business. On July 22, 2015, we closed on our previously announced joint venture with HBC, to which HBC contributed 42 properties in the U.S. and we committed to contribute $100.0 million for improvements to the properties contributed by HBC in exchange for a noncontrolling equity interest in HBS. As of December 31, 2016, we have funded $30.6 million of this commitment. On September 30, 2015, HBC announced it had closed on the acquisition of Galeria Holding, the parent company of Germany’s leading department store, Kaufhof. In conjunction with the closing, HBS acquired 41 Kaufhof properties in Germany from HBC. All of these properties have been leased to affiliates of HBC. We contributed an additional $178.5 million to HBS upon closing of the Galeria Holding transaction. Our noncontrolling equity interest in HBS is approximately 10.2% at December 31, 2016. On April 13, 2015, we announced a joint venture with Sears Holdings, or Sears, whereby Sears contributed 10 of its properties located at our malls to the joint venture in exchange for a 50% noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. We contributed $114.0 million in cash in exchange for a 50% noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. Sears or its affiliates are leasing back each of the 10 properties from the joint venture. The joint venture has the right to recapture not less than 50% of the space leased to Sears to be used for purposes of redeveloping and releasing the recaptured space. We will provide development, leasing and management services to the joint venture for any recaptured space. On July 7, 2015, we separately invested approximately $33.0 million in exchange for 1,125,760 common shares of Seritage Growth 68 Table of Contents Properties, or Seritage, a public REIT formed by Sears, which we account for as an available-for-sale security. Seritage now holds Sears’ interest in the joint venture. Development Activity New Domestic Developments, Redevelopments and Expansions. During 2016, the following properties opened: In addition, construction continues on the following properties: We routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. Redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants are underway at 27 properties in the United States. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we determined we would no longer pursue the construction of Copley residential tower given a change in property approval dynamics, construction pricing in the Boston market and the continued increase in residential supply in the market. Accordingly, we recorded a charge of approximately $31.5 million related to the write-off of pre-development costs. Summary of Capital Expenditures. The following table summarizes total capital expenditures on consolidated properties on a cash basis (in millions): Our share of the costs of all development, redevelopment and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $1.6 billion. We expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. Our estimated stabilized return on invested capital typically ranges between 7-10% for all of our new development, expansion and redevelopment projects. International Development Activity. We typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. We believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. We have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency‑denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. Our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the Euro, Yen, Won, and other foreign currencies is not material. We expect 69 Table of Contents our share of international development costs for 2017 will be approximately $179 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans. The following table describes these new development and expansion projects as well as our share of the estimated total cost as of December 31, 2016 (in millions): Dividends, Distributions and Stock Repurchase Program Simon paid a common stock dividend of $1.65 per share in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $6.50 per share for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Operating Partnership made distributions per unit for the same amounts. In 2015, Simon paid dividends of $1.60 and $6.05 per share for the three and twelve month periods ended December 31, 2015, respectively. The Operating Partnership made distributions per unit for the same amounts. Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of 2017 of $1.75 per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2017 to stockholders of record on February 14, 2017. The distribution rate on units is equal to the dividend rate on common stock. In order to maintain its status as a REIT, Simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends. Simon’s future dividends and the Operating Partnership’s future distributions will be determined by Simon’s Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain Simon’s status as a REIT. On April 2, 2015, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized Simon to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of common stock over a twenty-four month period as market conditions warrant, and on February 13, 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a two-year extension of the program through March 31, 2019. Simon may repurchase the shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2016, Simon repurchased 1,409,197 shares at an average price of $181.14 per share of its common stock as part of this program. During the year ended December 31, 2015, Simon repurchased 1,903,340 shares at an average price of $180.19 per share as part of this program. As Simon repurchases shares under this program, the Operating Partnership repurchases an equal number of units from Simon. Forward‑Looking Statements Certain statements made in this section or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained, and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to: changes in economic and market conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment; the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants; the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or 70 Table of Contents otherwise; decreases in market rental rates; the intensely competitive market environment in the retail industry; the inability to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties on favorable terms; risks related to international activities, including, without limitation, the impact of the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the European Union; changes to applicable laws or regulations or the interpretation thereof; risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, expansion, leasing and management of properties; general risks related to real estate investments, including the illiquidity of real estate investments; the impact of our substantial indebtedness on our future operations; any disruption in the financial markets that adversely affects our ability to access capital for growth and satisfy our ongoing debt service requirements; any change in our credit rating; changes in market rates of interest and foreign exchange rates for foreign currencies; changes in the value of our investments in foreign entities; our ability to hedge interest rate and currency risk; our continued ability to maintain our status as a REIT; changes in tax laws or regulations that result in adverse tax consequences; risks relating to our joint venture properties; environmental liabilities; changes in insurance costs, the availability of comprehensive insurance coverage; security breaches that could compromise our information technology or infrastructure; natural disasters; the potential for terrorist activities; and the loss of key management personnel. We discussed these and other risks and uncertainties under the heading "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may update that discussion in subsequent other periodic reports, but, except as required by law, we undertake no duty or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. Non‑GAAP Financial Measures Industry practice is to evaluate real estate properties in part based on performance measures such as FFO, diluted FFO per share, NOI, Portfolio NOI and comparable property NOI. We believe that these non‑GAAP measures are helpful to investors because they are widely recognized measures of the performance of REITs and provide a relevant basis for comparison among REITs. We also use these measures internally to measure the operating performance of our portfolio. We determine FFO based on the definition set forth by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, as consolidated net income computed in accordance with GAAP: We have adopted NAREIT’s clarification of the definition of FFO that requires us to include the effects of nonrecurring items not classified as extraordinary, cumulative effect of accounting changes, or a gain or loss resulting from the sale of, or any impairment charges related to, previously depreciated retail operating properties. We include in FFO gains and losses realized from the sale of land, outlot buildings, marketable and non‑marketable securities, and investment holdings of non‑retail real estate. We also include in FFO the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses, legal expenses, transaction expenses and other items required by GAAP. You should understand that our computations of these non‑GAAP measures might not be comparable to similar measures reported by other REITs and that these non‑GAAP measures: 71 Table of Contents The following schedule reconciles total FFO to consolidated net income and, for Simon, diluted net income per share to diluted FFO per share. 72 Table of Contents The following schedule reconciles consolidated net income to NOI and sets forth the computations of Portfolio NOI and Comparable NOI. Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk Our exposure to market risk due to changes in interest rates primarily relates to our long‑term debt obligations. We manage exposure to interest rate market risk through our risk management strategy by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap a portion of variable rate debt. We are also exposed to foreign currency risk 73 Table of Contents on financings of certain foreign operations. Our intent is to offset gains and losses that occur on the underlying exposures, with gains and losses on the derivative contracts hedging these exposures. We do not enter into either interest rate protection or foreign currency rate protection agreements for speculative purposes. We may enter into treasury lock agreements as part of anticipated issuances of senior notes. Upon completion of the debt issuance, the cost of these instruments is recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt agreement. Our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relating to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest, primarily LIBOR, which was at historically low levels during 2016. Based upon consolidated indebtedness and interest rates at December 31, 2016, a 50 basis point increase in the market rates of interest would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $4.5 million, and would decrease the fair value of debt by approximately $684.4 million. 74 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Simon Property Group, Inc.: We have audited Simon Property Group, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Simon Property Group, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Simon Property Group, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Simon Property Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of Simon Property Group, Inc., and our report dated February 24, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 75 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Simon Property Group, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Simon Property Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audit also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Simon Property Group, Inc. at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Simon Property Group, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 24, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 76 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors of Simon Property Group, Inc. and the Partners of Simon Property Group, L.P.: We have audited Simon Property Group, L.P.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Simon Property Group, L.P.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the partnership’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Simon Property Group, L.P. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Simon Property Group, L.P. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of Simon Property Group, L.P., and our report dated February 24, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 77 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors of Simon Property Group, Inc. and the Partners of Simon Property Group, L.P.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Simon Property Group, L.P. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audit also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Simon Property Group, L.P. at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Simon Property Group, L.P.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 24, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 78 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 79 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 80 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 81 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc Consolidated Statements of Equity (Dollars in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 82 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 83 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 84 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 85 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Equity (Dollars in thousands) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 86 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 1. Organization Simon Property Group, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. REITs will generally not be liable for U.S. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their REIT taxable income. Simon Property Group, L.P. is our majority-owned Delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Simon" mean Simon Property Group, Inc. and references to the "Operating Partnership" mean Simon Property Group, L.P. References to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively Simon, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Simon and/or the Operating Partnership. Unless otherwise indicated, these notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both Simon and the Operating Partnership. According to the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is required to pay all expenses of Simon. We own, develop and manage retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets®, and The Mills®. As of December 31, 2016, we owned or held an interest in 206 income‑producing properties in the United States, which consisted of 108 malls, 67 Premium Outlets, 14 Mills, four lifestyle centers, and 13 other retail properties in 37 states and Puerto Rico. Internationally, as of December 31, 2016, we had ownership interests in nine Premium Outlets in Japan, three Premium Outlets in South Korea, two Premium Outlets in Canada, one Premium Outlet in Mexico, and one Premium Outlet in Malaysia. We also own an interest in six Designer Outlet properties in Europe and one Designer Outlet property in Canada, of which four properties are consolidated. Of the six properties in Europe, two are located in Italy and one each is located in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2016, we owned a 20.3% equity stake in Klépierre SA, or Klépierre, a publicly traded, Paris‑based real estate company which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 16 countries in Europe. We generate the majority of our revenues from leases with retail tenants, including: Revenues of our management company, after intercompany eliminations, consist primarily of management fees that are typically based upon the revenues of the property being managed. We also grow by generating supplemental revenues from the following activities: 2. Basis of Presentation and Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all controlled subsidiaries, and all significant intercompany amounts have been eliminated. 87 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) We consolidate properties that are wholly owned or properties where we own less than 100% but we control. Control of a property is demonstrated by, among other factors, our ability to refinance debt and sell the property without the consent of any other partner or owner and the inability of any other partner or owner to replace us. We also consolidate a variable interest entity, or VIE, when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. Determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE is based on whether an entity has (1) the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Our determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE considers all relationships between us and the VIE, including management agreements and other contractual arrangements. There have been no changes during 2016 in previous conclusions about whether an entity qualifies as a VIE or whether we are the primary beneficiary of any previously identified VIE. During 2016 and 2015, we did not provide financial or other support to a previously identified VIE that we were not previously contractually obligated to provide. Investments in partnerships and joint ventures represent our noncontrolling ownership interests in properties. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting. We initially record these investments at cost and we subsequently adjust for net equity in income or loss, which we allocate in accordance with the provisions of the applicable partnership or joint venture agreement, cash contributions and distributions, and foreign currency fluctuations, if applicable. The allocation provisions in the partnership or joint venture agreements are not always consistent with the legal ownership interests held by each general or limited partner or joint venture investee primarily due to partner preferences. We separately report investments in joint ventures for which accumulated distributions have exceeded investments in and our share of net income of the joint ventures within cash distributions and losses in partnerships and joint ventures, at equity in the consolidated balance sheets. The net equity of certain joint ventures is less than zero because of financing or operating distributions that are usually greater than net income, as net income includes non‑cash charges for depreciation and amortization. As of December 31, 2016, we consolidated 134 wholly‑owned properties and 17 additional properties that are less than wholly‑owned, but which we control or for which we are the primary beneficiary. We account for the remaining 78 properties, or the joint venture properties, as well as our investment in Klépierre, Aéropostale, and HBS Global Properties, or HBS, using the equity method of accounting, as we have determined we have significant influence over their operations. We manage the day‑to‑day operations of 57 of the 78 joint venture properties, but have determined that our partner or partners have substantive participating rights with respect to the assets and operations of these joint venture properties. Our investments in joint ventures in Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Malaysia, Germany, Canada, and the United Kingdom comprise 17 of the remaining 21 properties. These international properties are managed by joint ventures in which we share control. Preferred distributions of the Operating Partnership are accrued at declaration and represent distributions on outstanding preferred units of partnership interests, or preferred units, and are included in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. We allocate net operating results of the Operating Partnership after preferred distributions to limited partners and to us based on the partners’ respective weighted average ownership interests in the Operating Partnership. Net operating results of the Operating Partnership attributable to limited partners are reflected in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Our weighted average ownership interest in the Operating Partnership was as follows: As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our ownership interest in the Operating Partnership was 86.9% and 85.7%, respectively. We adjust the noncontrolling limited partners’ interest at the end of each period to reflect their interest in the net assets of the Operating Partnership. Preferred unit requirements in the Operating Partnership’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income represent distributions on outstanding preferred units and are recorded when declared. 88 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Investment Properties We record investment properties at cost. Investment properties include costs of acquisitions; development, predevelopment, and construction (including allocable salaries and related benefits); tenant allowances and improvements; and interest and real estate taxes incurred during construction. We capitalize improvements and replacements from repair and maintenance when the repair and maintenance extends the useful life, increases capacity, or improves the efficiency of the asset. All other repair and maintenance items are expensed as incurred. We capitalize interest on projects during periods of construction until the projects are ready for their intended purpose based on interest rates in place during the construction period. The amount of interest capitalized during each year is as follows: We record depreciation on buildings and improvements utilizing the straight‑line method over an estimated original useful life, which is generally 10 to 35 years. We review depreciable lives of investment properties periodically and we make adjustments when necessary to reflect a shorter economic life. We amortize tenant allowances and tenant improvements utilizing the straight‑line method over the term of the related lease or occupancy term of the tenant, if shorter. We record depreciation on equipment and fixtures utilizing the straight‑line method over seven to ten years. We review investment properties for impairment on a property‑by‑property basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of investment properties may not be recoverable. These circumstances include, but are not limited to, declines in a property’s cash flows, ending occupancy or total sales per square foot. We measure any impairment of investment property when the estimated undiscounted operating income before depreciation and amortization plus its residual value is less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred, we charge to income the excess of carrying value of the property over its estimated fair value. We estimate fair value using unobservable data such as operating income, estimated capitalization rates, or multiples, leasing prospects and local market information. We may decide to sell properties that are held for use and the sale prices of these properties may differ from their carrying values. We also review our investments, including investments in unconsolidated entities, if events or circumstances change indicating that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. We will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the fair value of the investments is other‑than‑temporary. Changes in economic and operating conditions that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other investments could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we determined we would no longer pursue the construction of the Copley residential tower given a change in property approval dynamics, construction pricing in the Boston market and the continued increase in residential supply in the market. Accordingly, we recorded a charge of approximately $31.5 million related to the write-off of pre-development costs, which is included in other expenses in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income. Purchase Accounting We allocate the purchase price of acquisitions and any excess investment in unconsolidated entities to the various components of the acquisition based upon the fair value of each component which may be derived from various observable or unobservable inputs and assumptions. Also, we may utilize third party valuation specialists. These components typically include buildings, land and intangibles related to in‑place leases and we estimate: 89 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) The fair value of buildings is depreciated over the estimated remaining life of the acquired building or related improvements. We amortize tenant improvements, in‑place lease assets and other lease‑related intangibles over the remaining life of the underlying leases. We also estimate the value of other acquired intangible assets, if any, which are amortized over the remaining life of the underlying related intangibles. Discontinued Operations On May 28, 2014, we completed the spin-off of our interests in 98 properties comprised of substantially all of our strip center business and our smaller enclosed malls to Washington Prime Group Inc., or Washington Prime, an independent, publicly traded REIT. The spin-off was effectuated through a distribution of the common shares of Washington Prime to holders of Simon common stock as of the distribution record date, and qualified as a tax-free distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For every two shares of Simon common stock held as of the record date of May 16, 2014, Simon stockholders received one Washington Prime common share on May 28, 2014. At the time of the separation and distribution, Washington Prime owned a percentage of the outstanding units of partnership interest of Washington Prime Group, L.P. that was approximately equal to the percentage of outstanding units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, or units, owned by us. The remaining units of Washington Prime Group, L.P. were owned by limited partners of the Operating Partnership who received one Washington Prime Group, L.P. unit for every two units they owned in the Operating Partnership. Subsequent to the spin-off, we retained a nominal interest in Washington Prime Group, L.P. We also retained approximately $1.0 billion of proceeds from completed unsecured debt and mortgage debt as part of the spin-off and incurred $38.2 million in transaction costs during 2014 related to the spin-off of Washington Prime. The historical results of operations of the Washington Prime properties have been presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows includes, within operating, investing and financing cash flows, those activities which related to our period of ownership of the Washington Prime properties. 90 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Summarized financial information for discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2014 is present below. Capital expenditures on a cash basis for the year ended December 31, 2014 were $31.9 million. We and Washington Prime entered into property management and transitional services agreements in connection with the spin-off whereby we provided certain services to Washington Prime and its properties that were previously owned by us. Pursuant to the terms of the property management agreements, we managed, leased, and maintained those Washington Prime mall properties under the direction of Washington Prime. In exchange, Washington Prime paid us annual fixed rate property management fees ranging from 2.5% to 4.0% of base minimum and percentage rents, reimbursed us for direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses and also paid us separate fees for any leasing and development services we provided. The property management agreements had an initial term of two years and terminated in 2016 upon the two-year anniversary of the spinoff. We also provided certain support services to the Washington Prime strip centers that were previously owned by us and certain of its central functions to assist Washington Prime as it established its stand-alone processes for various activities that were previously provided by us. These services, which did not constitute significant continuing support of Washington Prime’s operations, included assistance in the areas of information technology, treasury and financial management, payroll, lease 91 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) administration, taxation and procurement. The charges for such services were intended to allow us to recover costs of providing these services. The transition services agreement terminated in 2016 upon the two-year anniversary of the spinoff. Transitional services fees earned for 2016, 2015, and for the portion of 2014 subsequent to the spin-off were approximately $1.7 million, $5.7 million, and $3.2 million, respectively. Cash and Cash Equivalents We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash and cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. Cash equivalents generally consist of commercial paper, bankers’ acceptances, Eurodollars, repurchase agreements, and money market deposits or securities. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk include our cash and cash equivalents and our trade accounts receivable. We place our cash and cash equivalents with institutions of high credit quality. However, at certain times, such cash and cash equivalents are in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Securities Investor Protection Corporation insurance limits. See Notes 4 and 10 for disclosures about non-cash investing and financing transactions. Marketable and Non‑Marketable Securities Marketable securities consist primarily of the investments of our captive insurance subsidiaries, available‑for‑sale securities, our deferred compensation plan investments, and certain investments held to fund the debt service requirements of debt previously secured by investment properties. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had marketable securities of $156.2 million and $183.8 million, respectively, generally accounted for as available-for-sale, which are adjusted to their quoted market price with a corresponding adjustment in other comprehensive income (loss). Net unrealized gains recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $15.4 million and $12.6 million, respectively, and represent the valuation adjustments for our marketable securities. The types of securities included in the investment portfolio of our captive insurance subsidiaries typically include U.S. Treasury or other U.S. government securities as well as corporate debt securities with maturities ranging from less than 1 year to 10 years. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and are valued based upon quoted market prices or other observable inputs when quoted market prices are not available. The amortized cost of debt securities, which approximates fair value, held by our captive insurance subsidiaries is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Changes in the values of these securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the gain or loss is realized or until any unrealized loss is deemed to be other-than-temporary. We review any declines in value of these securities for other-than-temporary impairment and consider the severity and duration of any decline in value. To the extent an other-than-temporary impairment is deemed to have occurred, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis is established. Our insurance subsidiaries are required to maintain statutory minimum capital and surplus as well as maintain a minimum liquidity ratio. Therefore, our access to these securities may be limited. Our deferred compensation plan investments are classified as trading securities and are valued based upon quoted market prices. The investments have a matching liability as the amounts are fully payable to the employees that earned the compensation. Changes in value of these securities and changes to the matching liability to employees are both recognized in earnings and, as a result, there is no impact to consolidated net income. On June 24, 2015, we sold our investment in certain marketable securities that were accounted for as an available-for-sale security, with the value adjusted to its quoted market price through other comprehensive income (loss). At the date of sale, we owned 5.71 million shares. The aggregate proceeds received from the sale were $454.0 million, and we recognized a gain on the sale of $80.2 million, which is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had investments of $210.5 million and $181.4 million, respectively, in non-marketable securities that we account for under the cost method. We regularly evaluate these investments for any other-than-temporary impairment in their estimated fair value and determined that no material adjustment in the carrying value was 92 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) required. Fair Value Measurements Level 1 fair value inputs are quoted prices for identical items in active, liquid and visible markets such as stock exchanges. Level 2 fair value inputs are observable information for similar items in active or inactive markets, and appropriately consider counterparty creditworthiness in the valuations. Level 3 fair value inputs reflect our best estimate of inputs and assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability at the measurement date. The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the valuation estimate. We have no investments for which fair value is measured on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. The marketable securities we held at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were primarily classified as having Level 1 fair value inputs. In addition, we had derivative instruments which were classified as having Level 2 inputs, which consist primarily of foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap agreements with a gross asset value of $43.9 million and $27.8 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Note 8 includes a discussion of the fair value of debt measured using Level 2 inputs. Notes 3 and 4 include discussions of the fair values recorded in purchase accounting using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs. Level 3 inputs to our purchase accounting and impairment analyses include our estimations of net operating results of the property, capitalization rates and discount rates. Gains on Issuances of Stock by Equity Method Investees When one of our equity method investees issues additional shares to third parties, our percentage ownership interest in the investee may decrease. In the event the issuance price per share is higher or lower than our average carrying amount per share, we recognize a noncash gain or loss on the issuance, when appropriate. This noncash gain or loss is recognized in our net income in the period the change of ownership interest occurs. In 2015, as discussed in Note 7, we recorded a non-cash gain of $206.9 million related to Klépierre’s issuance of shares in connection with Klépierre’s acquisition of Corio N.V., or Corio, which is included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Use of Estimates We prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. Segment and Geographic Locations Our primary business is the ownership, development, and management of retail real estate. We have aggregated our retail operations, including malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, and our international investments into one reportable segment because they have similar economic characteristics and we provide similar products and services to similar types of, and in many cases, the same tenants. As discussed in Note 7, we consolidated various European assets in 2016. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 5.3% of our consolidated long-lived assets and 1.5% of our consolidated total revenues were located outside the United States. As of December 31, 2015, consolidated foreign located long-lived assets and total revenues were nominal. 93 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Deferred Costs and Other Assets Deferred costs and other assets include the following as of December 31: Deferred Lease Costs Our deferred leasing costs consist primarily of capitalized salaries and related benefits in connection with lease originations. We record amortization of deferred leasing costs on a straight‑line basis over the terms of the related leases. Details of these deferred costs as of December 31 are as follows: Amortization of deferred leasing costs is a component of depreciation and amortization expense. The accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include amortization of deferred leasing costs as follows: Intangibles The average remaining life of in‑place lease intangibles is approximately 2.8 years and is being amortized on a straight‑line basis and is included with depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The fair market value of above and below market leases is amortized into revenue over the remaining lease life as a component of reported minimum rents. The weighted average remaining life of these intangibles is approximately 3.3 years. The unamortized amount of below market leases is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses, intangibles and deferred revenues in the consolidated balance sheets and was $116.1 million and $117.8 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amount of amortization from continuing operations of above and below market leases, net, which increased revenue for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, was $5.4 million, $13.6 million, and $11.3 million, respectively. If a lease is terminated prior to the original lease termination, any remaining unamortized intangible is written off to earnings. 94 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Details of intangible assets as of December 31 are as follows: Estimated future amortization and the increasing (decreasing) effect on minimum rents for our above and below market leases as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: Derivative Financial Instruments We record all derivatives on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have designated a derivative as a hedge and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. We may use a variety of derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business to selectively manage or hedge a portion of the risks associated with our indebtedness and interest payments. Our objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we primarily use interest rate swaps and caps. We require that hedging derivative instruments be highly effective in reducing the risk exposure that they are designated to hedge. As a result, there is no significant ineffectiveness from any of our derivative activities. We formally designate any instrument that meets these hedging criteria as a hedge at the inception of the derivative contract. We have no credit-risk-related hedging or derivative activities. As of December 31, 2016, we had the following outstanding interest rate derivative: The carrying value of our interest rate swap agreement, at fair value, as of December 31, 2016, is a net asset balance of $21.1 million, all of which is included in deferred costs and other assets. We generally do not apply hedge accounting to 95 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) interest rate caps which had a nominal value at December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2015, we had no outstanding interest rate derivatives. We are also exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on financial instruments which are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily in Japan and Europe. We use currency forward contracts and foreign currency denominated debt to manage our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates on certain Yen and Euro-denominated receivables and net investments. Currency forward contracts involve fixing the Yen:USD or Euro:USD exchange rate for delivery of a specified amount of foreign currency on a specified date. The currency forward contracts are typically cash settled in U.S. dollars for their fair value at or close to their settlement date. We had the following Euro:USD forward contracts at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in millions): Asset balances in the above table are included in deferred costs and other assets. We have designated the above as net investment hedges. Accordingly, we report the changes in fair value in other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the value of these forward contracts are offset by changes in the underlying hedged Euro-denominated joint venture investment. The total gross accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our derivative activities, including our share of the other comprehensive income (loss) from joint venture properties, approximated $35.0 million and ($17.7) million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. New Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, "Revenue From Contracts With Customers." ASU 2014-09 amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The new standard provides accounting guidance for all revenue arising from contracts with customers and affects all entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers. The guidance also provides a model for the measurement and recognition of gains and losses on the sale of certain nonfinancial assets, such as property, including real estate. Our revenues that will be impacted by this standard primarily include management, development, leasing and financing fee revenues for services performed related to various domestic joint ventures that we manage, licensing fees earned from various international properties, sales of real estate including land parcels or operating properties, and other ancillary income earned at our properties. In 2016, these revenues were less than 7.0% of consolidated revenue. We expect that the amount and timing of revenue recognition from our joint venture management services referenced above and licensing fee arrangements will be generally consistent with our current measurement and pattern of recognition. In addition, we do not actively sell operating properties as part of our core business strategy and, accordingly, the sale of properties does not constitute a significant part of our revenue and cash flows. As a result, we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. We expect to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective approach, which requires a cumulative effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The new standard is effective for us beginning with the first quarter of 2018. 96 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, "Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." ASU 2015-02 makes changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model. We adopted this standard as required on January 1, 2016. All reporting entities involved with limited partnerships and similar entities were required to re-evaluate whether these entities, including the Operating Partnership, are subject to the variable interest model or the voting model and whether they qualify for consolidation. The adoption of this new standard did not result in any material changes to our consolidated financial statements or disclosures, including the disclosures related to the Operating Partnership. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We adopted this standard as required on January 1, 2016, resulting in a reclassification of $85.5 million from deferred costs and other assets to a reduction of the carrying amount of mortgages and other unsecured indebtedness. In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "Financial Instruments — Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which will require entities to measure their equity investments at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicability exception. The practicability exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. The guidance will be effective for us beginning with the first quarter of 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases," which will result in lessees recognizing most leased assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Lessor accounting will remain substantially similar to the current accounting; however, certain refinements were made to conform the standard with the recently issued revenue recognition guidance in ASU 2014-09, specifically related to the allocation and recognition of contract consideration earned from lease and nonlease revenue components. Leasing costs that are eligible to be capitalized as initial direct costs are also limited by ASU 2016-02. Substantially all of our revenue and the revenues of our equity method investments are earned from arrangements that are within the scope of ASU 2016-02, thus we anticipate that the timing of recognition and financial statement presentation of certain revenues, particularly those that relate to consideration from non-lease components, may be affected. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, consideration related to these non-lease components will be accounted for using the guidance in ASU 2014-09. Further, leases of land and other arrangements where we are the lessee will be recognized on our balance sheet. We will adopt ASU 2016-02 beginning in the first quarter of 2019 using the modified retrospective approach required by the standard. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses," which introduces new guidance for an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. Instruments in scope include loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, and net investments in leases as well as reinsurance and trade receivables. This standard will be effective for us in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, “Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business”, which amends guidance that assists preparers in evaluating whether a transaction will be accounted for as an acquisition of an asset or a business, likely resulting in more acquisitions being accounted for as asset acquisitions. There are certain differences in accounting under these models, including the capitalization of transaction expenses in an asset acquisition. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We will early adopt this standard prospectively as of January 1, 2017 as permitted under the standard. 97 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Noncontrolling Interests Simon Details of the carrying amount of our noncontrolling interests are as follows as of December 31: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (which includes nonredeemable and redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated properties, limited partners’ interests in the Operating Partnership, and preferred distributions payable by the Operating Partnership on its outstanding preferred units) is a component of consolidated net income. In addition, the individual components of other comprehensive income (loss) are presented in the aggregate for both controlling and noncontrolling interests, with the portion attributable to noncontrolling interests deducted from comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders. A rollforward of noncontrolling interests for the years ended December 31 is as follows: The Operating Partnership Our evaluation of the appropriateness of classifying the Operating Partnership’s common units of partnership interest, or units, held by Simon and the Operating Partnership's limited partners within permanent equity considered several significant 98 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) factors. First, as a limited partnership, all decisions relating to the Operating Partnership’s operations and distributions are made by Simon, acting as the Operating Partnership’s sole general partner. The decisions of the general partner are made by Simon's Board of Directors or management. The Operating Partnership has no other governance structure. Secondly, the sole asset of Simon is its interest in the Operating Partnership. As a result, a share of common stock of Simon, or common stock, if owned by the Operating Partnership, is best characterized as being similar to a treasury share and thus not an asset of the Operating Partnership. Limited partners of the Operating Partnership have the right under the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement to exchange their units for shares of common stock or cash, as selected by Simon as the sole general partner. Accordingly, we classify units held by limited partners in permanent equity because Simon may elect to issue shares of common stock to limited partners exercising their exchange rights rather than using cash. Under the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is required to redeem units held by Simon only when Simon has repurchased shares of common stock. We classify units held by Simon in permanent equity because the decision to redeem those units would be made by Simon. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (which includes nonredeemable and redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated properties) is a component of consolidated net income. A rollforward of noncontrolling interests for the years ended December 31 is as follows: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Simon The changes in components of our accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of the following net of noncontrolling interest as of December 31, 2016: 99 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of the following as of December 31: The Operating Partnership The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component consisted of the following as of December 31, 2016: 100 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of the following as of December 31: Revenue Recognition We, as a lessor, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment properties and account for our leases as operating leases. We accrue minimum rents on a straight‑line basis over the terms of their respective leases. Substantially all of our retail tenants are also required to pay overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount during the lease year. We recognize overage rents only when each tenant’s sales exceed the applicable sales threshold. We amortize any tenant inducements as a reduction of revenue utilizing the straight‑line method over the term of the related lease or occupancy term of the tenant, if shorter. We structure our leases to allow us to recover a significant portion of our property operating, real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, and advertising and promotion expenses from our tenants. A substantial portion of our leases, other than those for anchor stores, require the tenant to reimburse us for a substantial portion of our operating expenses, including common area maintenance, or CAM, real estate taxes and insurance. This significantly reduces our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. Such property operating expenses typically include utility, insurance, security, janitorial, landscaping, food court and other administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2016, for substantially all of our leases in the U.S. mall portfolio, we receive a fixed payment from the tenant for the CAM component which is recognized as revenue when earned. When not reimbursed by the fixed‑CAM component, CAM expense reimbursements are based on the tenant’s proportionate share of the allocable operating expenses and CAM capital expenditures for the property. We also receive escrow payments for these reimbursements from substantially all our non‑fixed CAM tenants and monthly fixed CAM payments throughout the year. We accrue reimbursements from tenants for recoverable portions of all these expenses as revenue in the period the applicable expenditures are incurred. We recognize differences between estimated recoveries and the final billed amounts in the subsequent year. These differences were not material in any period presented. Our advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred. 101 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Management Fees and Other Revenues Management fees and other revenues are generally received from our unconsolidated joint venture properties as well as third parties. Management fee revenue is earned based on a contractual percentage of joint venture property revenue. Development fee revenue is earned on a contractual percentage of hard costs to develop a property. Leasing fee revenue is earned on a contractual per square foot charge based on the square footage of current year leasing activity. We recognize revenue for these services provided when earned based on the underlying activity. Revenues from insurance premiums charged to unconsolidated properties are recognized on a pro‑rata basis over the terms of the policies. Insurance losses on these policies and our self‑insurance for our consolidated properties are reflected in property operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and include estimates for losses incurred but not reported as well as losses pending settlement. Estimates for losses are based on evaluations by third-party actuaries and management’s estimates. Total insurance reserves for our insurance subsidiaries and other self‑insurance programs as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 approximated $83.5 million and $88.1 million, respectively, and are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Information related to the securities included in the investment portfolio of our captive insurance subsidiaries is included within the “Marketable and Non‑Marketable Securities” section above. Allowance for Credit Losses We record a provision for credit losses based on our judgment of a tenant’s creditworthiness, ability to pay and probability of collection. In addition, we also consider the retail sector in which the tenant operates and our historical collection experience in cases of bankruptcy, if applicable. Accounts are written off when they are deemed to be no longer collectible. Presented below is the activity in the allowance for credit losses during the following years: Income Taxes Simon and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have elected to be taxed as REITs under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code and applicable Treasury regulations relating to REIT qualification. In order to maintain this REIT status, the regulations require the entity to distribute at least 90% of REIT taxable income to its owners and meet certain other asset and income tests as well as other requirements. We intend to continue to adhere to these requirements and maintain Simon’s REIT status and that of the REIT subsidiaries. As REITs, these entities will generally not be liable for U.S. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute in excess of 100% of their REIT taxable income. Thus, we made no provision for U.S. federal income taxes for these entities in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. If Simon or any of the REIT subsidiaries fail to qualify as a REIT, Simon or that entity will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates for the years in which it failed to qualify. If Simon or any of the REIT subsidiaries loses its REIT status it could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless the failure to qualify was due to reasonable cause and certain other conditions were satisfied. We have also elected taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS, status for some of our subsidiaries. This enables us to provide services that would otherwise be considered impermissible for REITs and participate in activities that do not qualify as “rents from real property”. For these entities, deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the 102 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) temporary differences reverse. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is provided if we believe all or some portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. An increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from the change in circumstances that causes a change in our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset is included in income. As a partnership, the allocated share of the Operating Partnership’s income or loss for each year is included in the income tax returns of the partners; accordingly, no accounting for income taxes is required in the accompanying consolidated financial statements other than as discussed above for our taxable REIT subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016, we had a net deferred tax liability of $265.7 million, which relates to the temporary differences between the carrying value of balance sheet assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Primarily, these differences were created through the consolidation of various European assets in 2016 as discussed further in Note 7. Additionally, we have deferred tax liabilities related to our TRS subsidiaries, consisting of operating losses and other carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes as well as the timing of the deductibility of losses or reserves from insurance subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2015, we had no net deferred tax asset or liability. The net deferred tax liability is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We are also subject to certain other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, as well as income-based and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments, which are included in income and other taxes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Corporate Expenses Home and regional office costs primarily include compensation and personnel related costs, travel, building and office costs, and other expenses for our corporate home office and regional offices. General and administrative expense primarily includes executive compensation, benefits and travel expenses as well as costs of being a public company, including certain legal costs, audit fees, regulatory fees, and certain other professional fees. 4. Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions We acquire interests in properties to generate both current income and long-term appreciation in value. We acquire interests in individual properties or portfolios of retail real estate companies that meet our investment criteria and sell properties which no longer meet our strategic criteria. Unless otherwise noted below, gains and losses on these transactions are included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We expense acquisition, potential acquisition and disposition related costs as they are incurred. We incurred $4.4 million in transaction costs during 2015 in connection with the acquisitions of Jersey Gardens and University Park Village, which are included in other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We also incurred $38.2 million in transaction costs during the first six months of 2014 related to the spin-off of Washington Prime. Other than these transaction costs, we incurred a minimal amount of transaction expenses during 2016, 2015, and 2014. Our consolidated and unconsolidated acquisition and disposition activity for the periods presented are as follows: 2016 Acquisitions On January 1, 2016, as discussed further in Note 7, we gained control of the European investee that held our interest in six Designer Outlet properties, requiring a remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value and a corresponding non-cash gain of $12.1 million and which also resulted in the consolidation of two of the six properties, which had been previously unconsolidated. In February 2016, we and our partner, through this European investee, acquired a noncontrolling 75.0% ownership interest in an outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany for cash consideration of approximately $38.3 million. On July 25, 2016, as further discussed in Note 7, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice. The consolidation of these two properties resulted in a remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value and a corresponding non-cash gain of $29.3 million. 103 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) On April 14, 2016, as discussed further in Note 7, we acquired a 50% interest in The Shops at Crystals. 2015 Acquisitions On January 15, 2015, we acquired a 100% interest in Jersey Gardens (renamed The Mills at Jersey Gardens) in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and University Park Village in Fort Worth, Texas, for $677.9 million of cash and the assumption of existing mortgage debt of $405.0 million. We recorded the assets and liabilities of these properties at estimated fair value at the acquisition date, resulting in a valuation of investment property of $1.1 billion, net lease related intangibles of $3.6 million and mortgage debt premiums of $17.9 million. We amortize these amounts over the estimated life of the related depreciable components of investment property, typically no greater than 40 years, the terms of the applicable leases and the applicable debt maturities, respectively. 2014 Acquisitions On April 10, 2014, as discussed further in Note 7, through a European joint venture, we acquired an additional 22.5% noncontrolling interest in Ashford Designer Outlet, increasing our percentage ownership to 45%. On January 30, 2014, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in Arizona Mills from our joint venture partner, as well as approximately 39 acres of land in Oyster Bay, New York, for approximately $145.8 million, consisting of cash consideration and 555,150 units in the Operating Partnership. Arizona Mills is subject to a mortgage which was $166.9 million at the time of the acquisition. The consolidation of this previously unconsolidated property resulted in a remeasurement of our previously held interest to fair value and a corresponding non-cash gain of $2.7 million in the first quarter of 2014. We now own 100% of this property. On January 10, 2014, we acquired one of our partner’s interests in a portfolio of ten properties for approximately $114.4 million, seven of which were previously consolidated. 2016 Dispositions During 2016, we disposed of our interests in two unconsolidated multi-family residential investments, three consolidated retail properties, and four unconsolidated retail properties. Our share of the gross proceeds from these transactions was $81.8 million. The gain on the consolidated retail properties was $12.4 million. The gain on the unconsolidated retail properties was $22.6 million. The aggregate gain of $36.2 million from the sale of the two unconsolidated multi-family residential investments is included in other income and resulted in an additional $7.2 million in taxes included in income and other taxes. As discussed in Note 7, Klépierre disposed of its interest in certain Scandinavian properties during the fourth quarter resulting in a gain of which our share was $8.1 million. 2015 Dispositions During 2015, we disposed of our interests in three unconsolidated retail properties. The aggregate gain recognized on these transactions was approximately $43.6 million. 2014 Dispositions During 2014, we disposed of our interests in three consolidated retail properties. The aggregate gain recognized on these transactions was approximately $21.8 million. On September 26, 2014, we sold our investment in a hotel located at Coconut Point in Estero, Florida. The gain from this sale was $4.5 million, which is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 104 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 5. Per Share and Per Unit Data We determine basic earnings per share and basic earnings per unit based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock or units, as applicable, outstanding during the period and we consider any participating securities for purposes of applying the two-class method. We determine diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock or units, as applicable, outstanding combined with the incremental weighted average number of shares or units, as applicable, that would have been outstanding assuming all potentially dilutive securities were converted into shares of common stock or units, as applicable, at the earliest date possible. The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share and basic and diluted earnings per unit. Simon For the year ended December 31, 2016, potentially dilutive securities include units that are exchangeable for common stock and long-term incentive performance units, or LTIP units, granted under our long-term incentive performance programs that are convertible into units and exchangeable for common stock. No securities had a material dilutive effect for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014. We have not adjusted net income attributable to common stockholders and weighted average shares outstanding for income allocable to limited partners or units, respectively, as doing so would have no dilutive impact. We accrue dividends when they are declared. The Operating Partnership For the year ended December 31, 2016, potentially dilutive securities include LTIP units. No securities had a material dilutive effect for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014. We accrue distributions when they are declared. The taxable nature of the dividends declared and Operating Partnership distributions declared for each of the years ended as indicated is summarized as follows: 105 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) In January 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.75 per share of common stock payable on February 28, 2017 to stockholders of record on February 14, 2017. The Operating Partnership’s distribution rate on our units is equal to the dividend rate on Simon’s common stock. 6. Investment Properties Investment properties consist of the following as of December 31: 7. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities Real Estate Joint Ventures and Investments Joint ventures are common in the real estate industry. We use joint ventures to finance properties, develop new properties, and diversify our risk in a particular property or portfolio of properties. As discussed in Note 2, we held joint venture interests in 78 properties as of December 31, 2016 and 81 properties as of December 31, 2015. Certain of our joint venture properties are subject to various rights of first refusal, buy‑sell provisions, put and call rights, or other sale or marketing rights for partners which are customary in real estate joint venture agreements and the industry. We and our partners in these joint ventures may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions), which may result in either the sale of our interest or the use of available cash, borrowings, or the use of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership, to acquire the joint venture interest from our partner. We may provide financing to joint ventures primarily in the form of interest bearing construction loans. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had construction loans and other advances to related parties totaling $12.3 million and $13.9 million, respectively, which are included in deferred costs and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Unconsolidated Property Transactions On September 15, 2016, we and our partners, through two separate joint ventures, acquired certain assets and liabilities of Aéropostale, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. Our noncontrolling interest in the retail operations 106 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) venture and in the licensing venture is 49.05% and 28.45%, respectively. Our aggregate investment in the ventures was $33.1 million, which includes our share of working capital funded into the retail business. On April 14, 2016, we and a joint venture partner completed the acquisition of The Shops at Crystals, a luxury shopping center on the Las Vegas Strip, for $1.1 billion. The transaction was funded with a combination of cash on hand, cash from our partner, and a $550.0 million 3.74% fixed-rate mortgage financing that will mature on July 1, 2026. We have a 50% noncontrolling interest in this joint venture and will manage the day-to-day operations. Substantially all of our investment has been determined to relate to investment property based on estimated fair values at the acquisition date. On April 5, 2016, Quaker Bridge Mall, in which we own a 50% noncontrolling interest, completed a $180.0 million mortgage financing with a fixed interest rate of 4.50% that matures on May 1, 2026. Proceeds of approximately $180.0 million from the financing were distributed to the joint venture partners in April 2016. On July 22, 2015, we closed on our previously announced transaction with Hudson’s Bay Company, or HBC, to which HBC contributed 42 properties in the U.S. and we committed to contribute $100.0 million for improvements to the properties contributed by HBC in exchange for a noncontrolling interest in the newly formed entity, HBS. As of December 31, 2016, we have funded $30.6 million of this commitment. On September 30, 2015, HBC announced it had closed on the acquisition of Galeria Holding, the parent company of Germany’s leading department store, Kaufhof. In conjunction with the closing, HBS acquired 41 Kaufhof properties in Germany from HBC. All of these properties have been leased to affiliates of HBC. We contributed an additional $178.5 million to HBS upon closing of the Galeria Holding transaction. Our noncontrolling equity interest in HBS is approximately 10.2% at December 31, 2016. Our share of net income, net of amortization of our excess investment, was $2.6 million and $15.2 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, respectively. Total assets and total liabilities of HBS as of December 31, 2016 were $4.3 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, and its total revenues, operating income and consolidated net income were approximately $409.8 million, $233.2 million and $128.7 million, respectively, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016. On April 13, 2015, we announced a joint venture with Sears Holdings, or Sears, whereby Sears contributed 10 of its properties located at our malls to the joint venture in exchange for a 50% noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. We contributed $114.0 million in cash in exchange for a 50% noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. Sears or its affiliates are leasing back each of the 10 properties from the joint venture. The joint venture has the right to recapture not less than 50% of the space leased to Sears to be used for purposes of redeveloping and releasing the recaptured space. We will provide development, leasing and management services to the joint venture for any recaptured space. On July 7, 2015, we separately invested approximately $33.0 million in exchange for 1,125,760 common shares of Seritage Growth Properties, or Seritage, a public REIT formed by Sears, which we account for as an available-for-sale security. Seritage now holds Sears’ interest in the joint venture. On January 30, 2014, as discussed in Note 4, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in Arizona Mills from our joint venture partner. The consolidation of this previously unconsolidated property resulted in a remeasurement of our previously held interest to fair value and a corresponding non-cash gain of $2.7 million in the first quarter of 2014. As a result of this acquisition, we now own 100% of this property. International Investments We conduct our international operations through joint venture arrangements and account for all of our international joint venture investments using the equity method of accounting. European Investments. At December 31, 2016, we owned 63,924,148 shares, or approximately 20.3%, of Klépierre, which had a quoted market price of $39.50 per share. On July 29, 2014, Klépierre announced that it had entered into a conditional agreement to acquire Corio pursuant to which Corio shareholders received 1.14 Klépierre ordinary shares for each Corio ordinary share. On January 15, 2015, the tender offer transaction closed and the merger was completed on March 31, 2015, reducing our ownership from 28.9% at December 31, 2014 to 18.3%, resulting in a non-cash gain of $206.9 million that was required to be recognized in the first quarter of 2015 as if we had sold a proportionate share of our investment. On May 11, 2015, we purchased 6,290,000 additional shares of Klépierre for $279.4 million bringing our ownership to 20.3%. All of the 107 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) excess investment related to this additional purchase has been determined to relate to investment property. Our share of net income, net of amortization of our excess investment, was $41.5 million, $6.7 million and $131.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Based on applicable Euro:USD exchange rates and after our conversion of Klépierre’s results to GAAP, Klépierre’s total assets, total liabilities, and noncontrolling interests were $19.8 billion, $11.8 billion, and $1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2016 and $20.8 billion, $12.4 billion, and $1.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2015. Klépierre’s total revenues, operating income and consolidated net income were approximately $1.5 billion, $449.9 million and $310.9 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016, $1.5 billion, $414.8 million and $181.2 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2015, and $1.2 billion, $432.1 million and $1.3 billion, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014. During the fourth quarter of 2016, Klépierre completed the disposal of certain Scandinavian properties. In connection with these transactions, we recorded a gain of $8.1 million, which is included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. On April 16, 2014, Klépierre completed the disposal of a portfolio of 126 retail galleries located in France, Spain and Italy. Total gross consideration for the transaction, including transfer duties, was €1.98 billion (€1.65 billion Klépierre’s group share). The net cash proceeds were used by Klépierre to reduce its overall indebtedness. In connection with this transaction, we recorded a gain of $133.9 million, net of the write-off of a portion of our excess investment, which is included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interest in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We had an interest in a European investee that had interests in six Designer Outlet properties, as of December 31, 2015. On January 1, 2016, we gained control of the entity through terms of the underlying venture agreement requiring a remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value and a corresponding non-cash gain of $12.1 million in earnings during the first quarter of 2016, which includes amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the currency translation adjustment previously recorded on our investment. The gain is included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. As a result of the change in control, we consolidated two of the six outlet properties on January 1, 2016. The consolidation required us to recognize the entity's identifiable assets and liabilities at fair value in our consolidated financial statements along with the related redeemable noncontrolling interest representing our partners' share. The fair value of the consolidated assets and liabilities relates primarily to investment property, investments in unconsolidated entities and assumed mortgage debt. Due to certain redemption rights held by our venture partner, the noncontrolling interest is presented (i) in the accompanying Simon consolidated balance sheet outside of equity in limited partners’ preferred interest in the Operating Partnership and noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties and (ii) in the accompanying Operating Partnership consolidated balance sheet within preferred units, various series, at liquidation value, and noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties. As of December 31, 2016, our legal percentage ownership interests in these entities ranged from 45% to 90%. In February 2016, we and our partner, through this European investee, acquired a noncontrolling 75.0% ownership interest in an outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany for cash consideration of approximately $38.3 million. On July 25, 2016, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice, as well as the remaining interests in related expansion projects and working capital for cash consideration of €145.5 million. This resulted in the consolidation of these two properties on the acquisition date, requiring a remeasurement of our previously held equity interest to fair value and the recognition of a non-cash gain of $29.3 million in earnings during the third quarter of 2016. The gain is included in gain upon acquisition of controlling interests and sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The determination of fair value of the consolidated assets and liabilities consists primarily of investment property and lease related intangibles. In addition, we have a noncontrolling interest in a European property management and development company that provides services to the Designer Outlet properties. 108 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) We also have minority interests in Value Retail PLC and affiliated entities, which own or have interests in and operate nine luxury outlets located throughout Europe and we have a direct minority ownership in three of those outlets. Our investment in these entities is accounted for under the cost method. The carrying value of these non-marketable investments was $140.8 million and $115.4 million at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is included in deferred costs and other assets. On March 19, 2015, we disposed of our interest in a joint venture which had held interests in rights to pre-development projects in Europe, for total proceeds of $19.0 million. We recognized a gain on the sale of $8.3 million, which is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Asian Joint Ventures. We conduct our international Premium Outlet operations in Japan through a joint venture with Mitsubishi Estate Co., Ltd. We have a 40% noncontrolling ownership interest in this joint venture. The carrying amount of our investment in this joint venture was $227.5 million and $224.6 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, including all related components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We conduct our international Premium Outlet operations in South Korea through a joint venture with Shinsegae International Co. We have a 50% noncontrolling ownership interest in this joint venture. The carrying amount of our investment in this joint venture was $130.9 million and $117.0 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, including all related components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Summary Financial Information A summary of our equity method investments and share of income from such investments, excluding Klépierre, our investment in Aéropostale, and HBS, follows. During 2016, we disposed of four retail properties and our investments in two multi-family residential assets. During 2015, we disposed of three retail properties. As discussed in Note 3, on May 28, 2014, we completed the spin-off of Washington Prime, which included ten unconsolidated properties. The net income of these ten properties is included in income from operations of discontinued joint venture interests in the accompanying summary financial information. 109 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) BALANCE SHEETS “Excess Investment” represents the unamortized difference of our investment over our share of the equity in the underlying net assets of the joint ventures or other investments acquired and has been determined to relate to the fair value of the investment property, lease related intangibles, and debt premiums and discounts. We amortize excess investment over the life of the related depreciable components of investment property, typically no greater than 40 years, the terms of the applicable leases and the applicable debt maturity, respectively. The amortization is included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated entities. 110 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) As of December 31, 2016, scheduled principal repayments on joint venture properties’ mortgage indebtedness are as follows: This debt becomes due in installments over various terms extending through 2035 with interest rates ranging from 0.26% to 9.35% and a weighted average interest rate of 3.97% at December 31, 2016. 111 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Our share of income from unconsolidated entities in the above table, aggregated with our share of results of Klépierre, our investment in Aéropostale, and HBS, is presented in income from unconsolidated entities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Unless otherwise noted, our share of the gain on sale or disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net is reflected within gain upon acquisition of controlling interests, sale or 112 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) disposal of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 2016 Dispositions In 2016, we disposed of our interest in four retail properties and two multi-family residential investments. Our share of the net gain on disposition was $22.6 million and $36.2 million, respectively. 2015 Dispositions In 2015, we disposed of our interests in three retail properties. Our share of the net gain on disposition was $43.6 million. 8. Indebtedness and Derivative Financial Instruments Our mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding the impact of derivative instruments, consist of the following as of December 31: General. Our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non‑financial covenants. If we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. As of December 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt. At December 31, 2016, we or our subsidiaries were the borrowers under 45 non‑recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 48 properties, including two separate pools of cross‑defaulted and cross‑collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. Under these cross‑default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross‑defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. Certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non‑financial covenants which are specific to the properties which serve as collateral for that debt. If the applicable borrower under these non-recourse 113 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) mortgage notes fails to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its right against their collateral. At December 31, 2016, the applicable borrowers under these non‑recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non‑compliance could individually, or giving effect to applicable cross‑default provisions in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Unsecured Debt At December 31, 2016, our unsecured debt consisted of $15.4 billion of senior unsecured notes of the Operating Partnership, $316.5 million outstanding under the Operating Partnership’s $3.5 billion supplemental unsecured revolving credit facility, or Supplemental Facility, and $953.7 million outstanding under the Operating Partnership’s global unsecured commercial paper program, or Commercial Paper program. The December 31, 2016 balance on the Credit Facility included $191.5 million (U.S. dollar equivalent) of Yen-denominated borrowings. At December 31, 2016, the outstanding amount under the Commercial Paper program was $953.7 million, of which $79.3 million was related to the U.S. dollar equivalent of Euro-denominated notes. Foreign currency denominated borrowings under both the Supplemental Facility and Commercial Paper program are designated as net investment hedges of a portion of our international investments. On December 31, 2016, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $6.2 billion under the Supplemental Facility and the Operating Partnership’s $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or Credit Facility, and together with the Supplemental Facility, the Credit Facilities. The maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the Credit Facilities during the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1.5 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $596.4 million. Letters of credit of $18.8 million were outstanding under the Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2016. The Credit Facility’s initial borrowing capacity of $4.0 billion may be increased to $5.0 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, Yen, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. Borrowings in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are limited to 75% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. The initial maturity date of the Credit Facility is June 30, 2018 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2019 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The base interest rate on the Credit Facility is LIBOR plus 80 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points. On April 6, 2016, the Operating Partnership amended the Supplemental Facility to, among other matters, (i) exercise its $750.0 million accordion feature such that the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity has been increased from $2.75 billion to $3.50 billion and (ii) add a new $750.0 million accordion feature to permit us to further increase the Supplemental Facility’s borrowing capacity to $4.25 billion during its term. The initial maturity date of the Supplemental Facility is June 30, 2019 and can be extended for an additional year to June 30, 2020 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. The base interest rate on the amended Supplemental Facility is LIBOR plus 80 basis points with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points. The Supplemental Facility provides for borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, Yen, Sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. The Operating Partnership also has available a Commercial Paper program of $1.0 billion, or the non-U.S. dollar equivalent thereof. The Operating Partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and other currencies. Notes issued in non-U.S. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Notes will be sold under customary terms in the U.S. and Euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the Operating Partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness. The Commercial Paper program is supported by the Credit Facilities and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either of the Credit Facilities to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the Commercial Paper program. On December 31, 2016, we had $953.7 million outstanding under the Commercial Paper program, comprised of $874.4 million outstanding in U.S. dollar denominated notes and $79.3 million (U.S. dollar equivalent) of Euro denominated notes with weighted average interest rates of 0.83% and -0.25%, respectively. The borrowings mature on various dates from January 3, 2017 to June 16, 2017 and reduce amounts otherwise available under the Credit Facilities. On January 13, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 2.50% with a maturity date of July 15, 2021 and $800.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 3.30% 114 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) with a maturity date of January 15, 2026. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Credit Facility, unencumber three properties and redeem senior unsecured notes at par in February 2016. On May 13, 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership issued ‎€500.0 million ($566.7 million U.S. dollar equivalent) of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 1.25% with a maturity date of May 13, 2025. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Euro-denominated borrowings on the Credit Facilities and to repay at maturity the Euro-denominated borrowings under the Commercial Paper program, and for general corporate purposes. On November 23, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 2.35% with a maturity date of January 30, 2022, $750.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 3.25% with a maturity date of November 30, 2026 and $550.0 million of senior unsecured notes at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a maturity date of November 30, 2046. Proceeds from the unsecured notes offering were used to pay down the Supplemental Facility, to redeem senior unsecured notes at par in December 2016 and for the early redemption of senior unsecured notes in December 2016. During 2016, the Operating Partnership repaid a $240.0 million unsecured term loan, redeemed at par or repaid at maturity $1.2 billion of senior unsecured notes with fixed interest rates ranging from 2.80% to 6.10% and completed the early redemption of a series of senior unsecured notes comprising $650.0 million with a fixed interest rate of 10.35%. We recorded a $136.8 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2016 as a result of the early redemption. Mortgage Debt Total mortgage indebtedness was $6.5 billion and $6.6 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we repaid $638.9 million in mortgage loans, with a weighted average interest rate of 7.03%, unencumbering six properties. On January 1, 2016, as discussed in Note 7, we consolidated the European investee that held our interests in six Designer Outlet properties, as we gained control of the entity. This resulted in the consolidation of two of the six operating properties – Parndorf Designer Outlet and Roermond Designer Outlet, subject to existing acquisition date EURIBOR-based variable mortgage loans of $100.6 million and $196.8 million, respectively (both amounts U.S. dollar equivalents). The loans mature on May 25, 2022 and December 18, 2021 and bear interest at 1.90% and 1.88%, respectively. On July 25, 2016, as discussed in Note 7, this European investee also acquired the remaining 33% interest in two Italian outlet centers in Naples and Venice as well as the remaining interests in related expansion projects. This resulted in the consolidation of these two properties – La Reggia Designer Outlet and Venice Designer Outlet, subject to existing acquisition date EURIBOR-based variable rate mortgage loans of $62.1 million and $89.0 million, respectively (both amounts U.S. dollar equivalents). The loans mature on March 31, 2027 and June 30, 2020, respectively, and bear interest at 1.13% and 1.68%, respectively. 115 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Debt Maturity and Other Our scheduled principal repayments on indebtedness as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: Our cash paid for interest in each period, net of any amounts capitalized, was as follows: Derivative Financial Instruments Our exposure to market risk due to changes in interest rates primarily relates to our long‑term debt obligations. We manage exposure to interest rate market risk through our risk management strategy by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap a portion of variable rate debt. We are also exposed to foreign currency risk on financings of certain foreign operations. Our intent is to offset gains and losses that occur on the underlying exposures, with gains and losses on the derivative contracts hedging these exposures. We do not enter into either interest rate protection or foreign currency rate protection agreements for speculative purposes. We may enter into treasury lock agreements as part of an anticipated debt issuance. Upon completion of the debt issuance, the fair value of these instruments is recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt agreement. The unamortized loss on our treasury locks and terminated hedges recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was $35.4 million and $60.8 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, our outstanding LIBOR based derivative contracts consisted of an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of $250.0 million. As of December 31, 2015, we had no outstanding interest rate derivatives. Within the next year, we expect to reclassify to earnings approximately $9.2 million of losses related to terminated interest rate swaps from the current balance held in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 116 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Debt Issuance Costs Our debt issuance costs consist primarily of financing fees we incurred in order to obtain long-term financing. We record amortization of debt issuance costs on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective loans or agreements. Details of those debt issuance costs as of December 31 are as follows: We report amortization of debt issuance costs, amortization of premiums, and accretion of discounts as part of interest expense. We amortize debt premiums and discounts, which are included in mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, over the remaining terms of the related debt instruments. These debt premiums or discounts arise either at the time of the debt issuance or as part of purchase accounting for the fair value of debt assumed in acquisitions. The accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include amortization from continuing operations as follows: Fair Value of Debt The carrying value of our variable‑rate mortgages and other loans approximates their fair values. We estimate the fair values of consolidated fixed‑rate mortgages using cash flows discounted at current borrowing rates and other indebtedness using cash flows discounted at current market rates. We estimate the fair values of consolidated fixed‑rate unsecured notes using quoted market prices, or, if no quoted market prices are available, we use quoted market prices for securities with similar terms and maturities. The book value of our consolidated fixed‑rate mortgages and unsecured indebtedness including commercial paper was $22.1 billion and $20.4 billion as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair values of these financial instruments and the related discount rate assumptions as of December 31 are summarized as follows: 117 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 9. Rentals under Operating Leases Future minimum rentals to be received under non‑cancelable tenant operating leases for each of the next five years and thereafter, excluding tenant reimbursements of operating expenses and percentage rent based on tenant sales volume as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: 10. Equity Simon’s Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify excess common stock into one or more additional classes and series of capital stock, to establish the number of shares in each class or series and to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, and qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of such class or series, without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The issuance of additional classes or series of capital stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us without further action of the stockholders. The ability to issue additional classes or series of capital stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a majority of Simon’s outstanding voting stock. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, other than for the election of directors. The holders of Simon’s Class B common stock have the right to elect up to four members of Simon’s Board of Directors. All 8,000 outstanding shares of the Class B common stock are subject to two voting trusts as to which Herbert Simon and David Simon are the trustees. Shares of Class B common stock convert automatically into an equal number of shares of common stock upon the occurrence of certain events and can be converted into shares of common stock at the option of the holders. Common Stock and Unit Issuances and Repurchases In 2016, Simon issued 5,020,919 shares of common stock to fourteen limited partners of the Operating Partnership in exchange for an equal number of units pursuant to the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. These transactions increased Simon’s ownership interest in the Operating Partnership. On April 2, 2015, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized Simon to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of common stock over a twenty-four month period as market conditions warrant, and on February 13, 2017, Simon’s Board of Directors authorized a two-year extension of the program to March 31, 2019. Simon may repurchase the shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2016, Simon repurchased 1,409,197 shares at an average price of $181.14 per share as part of this program. During the year ended December 31, 2015, Simon repurchased 1,903,340 shares at an average price of $180.19 per share as part of this program. As Simon repurchases shares under this program, the Operating Partnership repurchases an equal number of units from Simon. 118 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Temporary Equity Simon We classify as temporary equity those securities for which there is the possibility that we could be required to redeem the security for cash irrespective of the probability of such a possibility. As a result, we classify one series of preferred units in the Operating Partnership and noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties in temporary equity. Each of these securities is discussed further below. Limited Partners’ Preferred Interest in the Operating Partnership and Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests in Properties. The redemption features of the preferred units in the Operating Partnership contain provisions which could require us to settle the redemption in cash. As a result, this series of preferred units in the Operating Partnership remains classified outside permanent equity. The remaining interests in a property or portfolio of properties which are redeemable at the option of the holder or in circumstances that may be outside our control, are accounted for as temporary equity. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest is adjusted to the redemption amount assuming the instrument is redeemable at the balance sheet date. Changes in the redemption value of the underlying noncontrolling interest are recorded within accumulated deficit. There are no noncontrolling interests redeemable at amounts in excess of fair value as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. The following table summarizes the preferred units in the Operating Partnership and the amount of the noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties as of December 31. 7.50% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units. This series of preferred units accrues cumulative quarterly distributions at a rate of $7.50 annually. The preferred units are redeemable by the Operating Partnership upon the death of the survivor of the original holders, or the transfer of any preferred units to any person or entity other than the persons or entities entitled to the benefits of the original holder. The redemption price is the liquidation value ($100.00 per preferred unit) plus accrued and unpaid distributions, payable either in cash or fully registered shares of common stock at our election. In the event of the death of a holder of the preferred units, the occurrence of certain tax triggering events applicable to the holder, or on or after November 10, 2006, the holder may require the Operating Partnership to redeem the preferred units at the same redemption price payable at the option of the Operating Partnership in either cash or shares of common stock. These preferred units have a carrying value of $25.5 million and are included in limited partners’ preferred interest in the Operating Partnership in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015. The Operating Partnership We classify as temporary equity those securities for which there is the possibility that we could be required to redeem the security for cash, irrespective of the probability of such a possibility. As a result, we classify one series of preferred units and noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties in temporary equity. Each of these securities is discussed further below. 119 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests in Properties Redeemable instruments, which typically represent the remaining interest in a property or portfolio of properties, and which are redeemable at the option of the holder or in circumstances that may be outside our control, are accounted for as temporary equity. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest is adjusted to the redemption amount assuming the instrument is redeemable at the balance sheet date. Changes in the redemption value of the underlying noncontrolling interest are recorded within equity. There are no noncontrolling interests redeemable at amounts in excess of fair value as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. The following table summarizes the preferred units and the amount of the noncontrolling redeemable interests in properties as of December 31. 7.50% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units The 7.50% preferred units accrue cumulative quarterly distributions at a rate of $7.50 annually. We may redeem the preferred units upon the death of the survivor of the original holders, or the transfer of any preferred units to any person or entity other than the persons or entities entitled to the benefits of the original holder. The redemption price is the liquidation value ($100.00 per preferred unit) plus accrued and unpaid distributions, payable either in cash or fully registered shares of common stock of Simon at our election. In the event of the death of a holder of the 7.5% preferred units, the occurrence of certain tax triggering events applicable to the holder, or on or after November 10, 2006, the holder may require the Operating Partnership to redeem the preferred units at the same redemption price payable at the Operating Partnership’s option in either cash or fully registered shares of common stock of Simon. These preferred units have a carrying value of $25.5 million and are included in preferred units, at liquidation value in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015. Permanent Equity Simon Preferred Stock. Dividends on all series of preferred stock are calculated based upon the preferred stock’s preferred return multiplied by the preferred stock’s corresponding liquidation value. The Operating Partnership pays preferred distributions to Simon equal to the dividends Simon pays on the preferred stock issued. Series J 8 3 / 8 % Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Dividends accrue quarterly at an annual rate of 8 3 / 8 % per share. Simon can redeem this series, in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2027 at a redemption price of $50.00 per share, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends. This preferred stock was issued at a premium of $7.5 million. The unamortized premium included in the carrying value of the preferred stock at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $3.6 million and $3.9 million, respectively. The Operating Partnership Series J 8 3 / 8 % Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units. Distributions accrue quarterly at an annual rate of 8 3 / 8 % per unit on the Series J 8 3 / 8 % preferred units, or Series J preferred units. Simon owns all of the Series J preferred units which have the same economic rights and preferences of an outstanding series of Simon preferred stock. The Operating Partnership can redeem this series, in whole or in part, when Simon can redeem the related preferred stock, on and after October 15, 2027 at a redemption price of $50.00 per unit, plus accumulated and unpaid distributions. The Series J preferred units were issued at a premium of $7.5 million. The unamortized premium included in the carrying value of the preferred units at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $3.6 million and $3.9 million, respectively. There are 1,000,000 Series J preferred units authorized and 796,948 issued and outstanding. 120 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) Other Equity Activity Notes Receivable from Former CPI Stockholders. Notes receivable of $14.8 million from stockholders of an entity we acquired in 1998 are reflected as a deduction from capital in excess of par value in the Simon consolidated statements of equity and as a deduction from general partner’s equity in the Operating Partnership consolidated statements of equity in the accompanying financial statements. The notes do not bear interest and become due at the time the underlying shares are sold. The Simon Property Group 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. This plan, or the 1998 plan, provides for the grant of equity‑based awards with respect to the equity of Simon in the form of options to purchase shares, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock grants and performance‑based unit awards. Options may be granted which are qualified as “incentive stock options” within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code and options which are not so qualified. An aggregate of 16,300,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the 1998 plan. Additionally, the partnership agreement requires Simon to purchase units for cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares. Administration. The 1998 plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of Simon’s Board of Directors, or the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee determines which eligible individuals may participate and the type, extent and terms of the awards to be granted to them. In addition, the Compensation Committee interprets the 1998 plan and makes all other determinations deemed advisable for its administration. Options granted to employees become exercisable over the period determined by the Compensation Committee. The exercise price of an employee option may not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. Employee options generally vest over a three‑year period and expire ten years from the date of grant. Awards and Compensation for Eligible Directors. Directors who are not also our employees or employees of our affiliates are eligible to receive awards under the 1998 plan. Each independent director receives an annual cash retainer of $100,000, and an annual restricted stock award with a grant date value of $150,000. Committee chairs receive annual retainers for the Company’s Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees of $35,000, $35,000 and $25,000, respectively. Directors receive fixed annual retainers for service on the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees, of $15,000, $15,000, and $10,000, respectively. The Lead Director receives an annual retainer of $50,000. These retainers are paid 50% in cash and 50% in restricted stock. Restricted stock awards vest in full after one year. Once vested, the delivery of the shares of restricted stock (including reinvested dividends) is deferred under our Director Deferred Compensation Plan until the director retires, dies or becomes disabled or otherwise no longer serves as a director. The directors may vote and are entitled to receive dividends on the underlying shares; however, any dividends on the shares of restricted stock must be reinvested in shares of common stock and held in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan until the shares of restricted stock are delivered to the former director. Stock Based Compensation Awards under our stock based compensation plans primarily take the form of LTIP units and restricted stock grants. Restricted stock and awards under the LTIP programs are all performance-based and are based on various individual, corporate and business unit performance measures as further described below. The expense related to these programs, net of amounts capitalized, is included within home and regional office costs and general and administrative costs in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive income. LTIP Programs. Every year since 2010, the Compensation Committee has approved long‑term, performance-based incentive compensation programs, or the LTIP programs, for certain senior executive officers. Awards under the LTIP programs take the form of LTIP units, a form of limited partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership, and will be considered earned if, and only to the extent to which, applicable total shareholder return, or TSR, performance measures are achieved during the performance period. Once earned, LTIP units are subject to a two year vesting period. One-half of the earned LTIP units will vest on January 1 of each of the second and third years following the end of the applicable performance period, subject to the participant maintaining employment with us through those dates and certain other conditions as described in those agreements. Awarded LTIP units not earned are forfeited. Earned and fully vested LTIP units are the equivalent of units. During the performance period, participants are entitled to receive distributions on the LTIP units awarded to them equal to 121 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 10% of the regular quarterly distributions paid on a unit of the Operating Partnership. As a result, we account for these LTIP units as participating securities under the two‑class method of computing earnings per share. From 2010 to 2016, the Compensation Committee approved LTIP unit grants as shown in the table below. Grant date fair values of the LTIP units are estimated using a Monte Carlo model, and the resulting expense is recorded regardless of whether the TSR performance measures are achieved if the required service is delivered. The grant date fair values are being amortized into expense over the period from the grant date to the date at which the awards, if any, would become vested. The extent to which LTIP units were earned, and the aggregate grant date fair values adjusted for estimated forfeitures, are as follows: We recorded compensation expense, net of capitalization, related to these LTIP programs of approximately $31.0 million, $24.9 million, and $27.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Restricted Stock. The 1998 plan also provides for shares of restricted stock to be granted to certain employees at no cost to those employees, subject to achievement of individual performance and certain financial and return‑based performance measures established by the Compensation Committee related to the most recent year’s performance. Once granted, the shares of restricted stock then vest annually over a three‑year or a four‑year period (as defined in the award). The cost of restricted stock grants, which is based upon the stock’s fair market value on the grant date, is recognized as expense ratably over the vesting period. Through December 31, 2016 a total of 5,658,007 shares of restricted stock, net of forfeitures, have been awarded under the 1998 plan. Information regarding restricted stock awards is summarized in the following table for each of the years presented: We recorded compensation expense, net of capitalization, related to restricted stock for employees and non-employee directors of approximately $9.1 million, $9.4 million, and $12.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Other Compensation Arrangements. On July 6, 2011, in connection with the execution of an employment agreement, the Compensation Committee granted David Simon, Simon’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, a retention award in the form of 1,000,000 LTIP units, or the Award, for his continued service as Simon’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer through 122 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) July 5, 2019. Effective December 31, 2013, the Award was modified, or the Current Award, and as a result the LTIP units will now become earned and eligible to vest based on the attainment of Company‑based performance goals, in addition to the service‑based vesting requirement included in the original Award. If the relevant performance criteria are not achieved, all or a portion of the Current Award will be forfeited. The Current Award does not contain an opportunity for Mr. Simon to receive additional LTIP units above and beyond the original Award should our performance exceed the higher end of the performance criteria. The performance criteria of the Current Award are based on the attainment of specific funds from operations, or FFO, per share. If the performance criteria have been met, a maximum of 360,000 LTIP units, or the A units, 360,000 LTIP units, or the B units, and 280,000 LTIP units, or the C units, may become earned on December 31, 2015, December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017, respectively. Based on the Company’s performance in 2015, 360,000 A units were earned. Based on the Company’s performance in 2016, 360,000 B units were earned. The earned A units will vest on January 1, 2018, earned B units will vest on January 1, 2019 and earned C units will vest on June 30, 2019, subject to Mr. Simon’s continued employment through such applicable date. The grant date fair value of the retention award of $120.3 million is being recognized as expense over the eight‑year term of his employment agreement on a straight‑line basis based through the applicable vesting periods of the A units, B units and C units. Since 2001, we have not granted any options to officers, directors or employees, except for a series of reload options we assumed as part of a prior business combination. As of December 31, 2014, there were no remaining options outstanding. We also maintain a tax‑qualified retirement 401(k) savings plan and offer no other post‑retirement or post‑employment benefits to our employees. Exchange Rights Simon Limited partners in the Operating Partnership have the right to exchange all or any portion of their units for shares of common stock on a one‑for‑one basis or cash, as determined by Simon’s Board of Directors. The amount of cash to be paid if the exchange right is exercised and the cash option is selected will be based on the trading price of Simon’s common stock at that time. At December 31, 2016, Simon had reserved 50,775,934 shares of common stock for possible issuance upon the exchange of units, stock options and Class B common stock. The Operating Partnership Limited partners have the right under the partnership agreement to exchange all or any portion of their units for shares of Simon common stock on a one-for-one basis or cash, as determined by Simon in its sole discretion. If Simon selects cash, Simon cannot cause the Operating Partnership to redeem the exchanged units for cash without contributing cash to the Operating Partnership as partners’ equity sufficient to effect the redemption. If sufficient cash is not contributed, Simon will be deemed to have elected to exchange the units for shares of Simon common stock. The amount of cash to be paid if the exchange right is exercised and the cash option is selected will be based on the trading price of Simon’s common stock at that time. The number of shares of Simon’s common stock issued pursuant to the exercise of the exchange right will be the same as the number of units exchanged. 11. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation We are involved from time‑to‑time in various legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, but not limited to, commercial disputes, environmental matters, and litigation in connection with transactions including acquisitions and divestitures. We believe that current proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. We record a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In May 2010, Opry Mills sustained significant flood damage. Insurance proceeds of $50 million have been funded by 123 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) the primary insurer and remediation and restoration work has been completed. The property re‑opened on March 29, 2012. The excess insurance carriers (those providing coverage above $50 million) denied our claim under the policy for additional proceeds (of up to $150 million) to pay further amounts for restoration costs and business interruption losses. In the first quarter of 2015, summary judgment was granted in our favor, concluding that up to $150 million of additional coverage is available under our excess insurance policy for this claim. In July and August 2015, trial on the damages portion of our claim was completed and the jury entered a verdict for damages in the amount of $204.1 million (inclusive of the $50.0 million previously paid by the primary carrier). In April 2016, the court entered final judgment in the amount of the jury verdict, which amount will bear interest from the date of the jury's verdict. We and the excess insurance carries have preserved their rights to appeal certain portions of the trial court’s rulings and the jury’s verdict, respectively. We will continue our efforts through the conclusion of the pending litigation including any and all appeals to recover our losses, including consequential damages, under the excess insurance policies for Opry Mills and we believe recovery is probable, but no assurance can be made that our efforts to recover these funds will be successful. Lease Commitments As of December 31, 2016, a total of 22 of the consolidated properties are subject to ground leases. The termination dates of these ground leases range from 2017 to 2090. These ground leases generally require us to make fixed annual rental payments, or a fixed annual rental payment plus a percentage rent component based upon the revenues or total sales of the property. In addition, we have several regional office locations that are subject to leases with termination dates ranging from 2017 to 2028. These office leases generally require us to make fixed annual rental payments plus pay our share of common area, real estate and utility expenses. Some of our ground and office leases include escalation clauses and renewal options. We incurred ground lease expense and office lease expense, which are included in other expense and home office and regional expense, respectively, as follows: Future minimum lease payments due under these leases for years ending December 31, excluding applicable extension options and any sublease income, are as follows: Insurance We maintain insurance coverage with third party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the United States. The initial portion of coverage not provided by third party carriers is either insured through our wholly‑owned captive insurance companies, Rosewood Indemnity, Ltd. and Bridgewood Insurance Company, Ltd., or other financial arrangements controlled by us. If required, a third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide evidence of coverage 124 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier’s policy. A similar policy written through our captive insurance entities also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations. We currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the United States on an “all risk” basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. The current U.S. federal laws which provide this coverage are expected to operate through 2020. Despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could adversely affect our property values, revenues, consumer traffic and tenant sales. Guarantees of Indebtedness Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by the joint venture property, which is non‑recourse to us. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Operating Partnership guaranteed joint venture related mortgage indebtedness of $400.5 million and $353.7 million, respectively (of which we have a right of recovery from our venture partners of $87.3 million and $112.8 million, respectively). Mortgages guaranteed by the Operating Partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. Concentration of Credit Risk Our malls, Premium Outlets and Mills rely heavily upon anchor tenants to attract customers; however, anchor retailers do not contribute materially to our financial results as many anchor retailers own their spaces. All material operations managed by us are within the United States and no customer or tenant accounts for 5% or more of our consolidated revenues. 12. Related Party Transactions Our management company provides management, insurance, and other services to Melvin Simon & Associates, Inc., a related party, unconsolidated joint ventures, and other non‑owned related party properties. Amounts for services provided by our management company and its affiliates to our unconsolidated joint ventures and other related parties were as follows: During 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recorded development, royalty and other fee income, net of elimination, related to our international investments of $14.4 million, $13.6 million and $13.7 million, respectively. Also during 2016, 2015 and 2014, we received fees related to financing activities, net of elimination, provided to unconsolidated joint ventures of $9.1 million, $2.3 million and $4.2 million, respectively. The fees related to our international investments and financing activities are included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 125 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated as in millions or billions) 13. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Quarterly 2016 and 2015 data is summarized in the table below. Quarterly amounts may not sum to annual amounts due to rounding. 126 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Simon Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Simon maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Simon’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our management, with the participation of Simon’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Simon’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, Simon’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, Simon’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Simon is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, Simon’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by Simon’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We assessed the effectiveness of Simon’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment and criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2016, Simon’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm The audit report of Ernst & Young LLP on their assessment of Simon' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 is set forth within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in Simon's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Simon's internal control over financial reporting. 127 Table of Contents The Operating Partnership Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Operating Partnership maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including Simon’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our management, with the participation of Simon’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, Simon’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Operating Partnership is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, Simon’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by Simon’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We assessed the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment and criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2016, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm The audit report of Ernst & Young LLP on their assessment of the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 is set forth within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information During the fourth quarter of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Audit Committee of Simon’s Board of Directors approved certain audit, audit-related and non-audit tax compliance and tax consulting services to be provided by Ernst & Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. This disclosure is made pursuant to Section 10A(i)(2) of the Exchange Act as added by Section 202 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 128 Table of Contents Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for Simon’s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A and the information included under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I hereof. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for Simon’s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for Simon’s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for Simon’s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for Simon’s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The Audit Committee of Simon's Board of Directors pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by Ernst & Young LLP, or Ernst & Young, Simon’s and the Operating Partnership’s independent registered public accounting firm, prior to commencement of services. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chairman of the Audit Committee the authority to pre-approve specific services up to specified individual and aggregate fee amounts. These pre-approval decisions are presented to the full Audit Committee at the next scheduled meeting after such approvals are made. We have incurred fees as shown below for services from Ernst & Young as Simon’s and the Operating Partnership’s independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst & Young has advised us that it has billed or will bill these indicated amounts for the following categories of services for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively: (1) Audit Fees include fees for the audits of the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for Simon and the Operating Partnership and services associated with the related SEC registration statements, periodic reports, and other documents issued in connection with securities offerings. (2) Audit‑Related Fees include audits of individual or portfolios of properties and schedules of recoverable common area maintenance costs to comply with lender, joint venture partner or tenant requirements and accounting consultation and due diligence services. Our share of these Audit-Related Fees is approximately 59% and 57% for the years ended 2016 and 2015, respectively. (3) Tax Fees include fees for international and other tax consulting services and tax return compliance services associated with the tax returns for certain joint ventures as well as other miscellaneous tax compliance services. Our share of these Tax Fees is approximately 81% and 89% for 2016 and 2015, respectively. 129 Table of Contents Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 130 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Simon Property Group, Inc., for itself and in its capacity as General Partner of Simon Property Group, L.P., and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 131 Table of Contents 132 Table of Contents SCHEDULE III Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 133 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 134 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 135 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands 136 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 137 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) 138 Table of Contents Simon Property Group, Inc. Simon Property Group, L.P. Notes to Schedule III as of December 31, 2016 (Dollars in thousands) All periods presented exclude properties which were spun-off to Washington Prime as further discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The changes in real estate assets for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 are as follows: The unaudited aggregate cost of real estate assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2016 was $29,601,501. The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 are as follows: Depreciation of our investment in buildings and improvements reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income is calculated over the estimated original lives of the assets as noted below. 139 Table of Contents EXHI BIT INDEX 140 Table of Contents 141 Table of Contents 142 Table of Contents 143 Table of Contents (a) Does not include supplemental indentures that authorize the issuance of debt securities series, none of which exceeds 10% of the total assets of Simon Property Group, L.P. on a consolidated basis. Simon Property Group, L.P. agrees to file copies of any such supplemental indentures upon the request of the Commission. * Represents a management contract, or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation S‑K. 144