10-Q 1 a2016q310-q.htm 10-Q Document Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 OR For the transition period from to Commission file number 1-10524 (UDR, Inc.) 333-156002-01 (United Dominion Realty, L.P.) UDR, Inc. United Dominion Realty, L. P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 1745 Shea Center Drive, Suite 200, Highlands Ranch, Colorado 80129 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) (720) 283-6120 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). The number of shares of UDR, Inc.’s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of October 24, 2016 was 267,248,398 . Table of Contents UDR, INC. UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This Report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of UDR, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and United Dominion Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, of which UDR, Inc. is the parent company and sole general partner. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Report to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” “UDR” or “UDR, Inc.” refer collectively to UDR, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries and joint ventures, including United Dominion Realty, L.P. and UDR Lighthouse DownREIT L.P. (the “DownREIT Partnership”), a Delaware limited partnership of which UDR is the sole general partner. The DownREIT Partnership was formed in conjunction with certain acquisitions from Home Properties, L.P., a New York limited partnership, by UDR in October 2015. Unless the context otherwise requires, the references in this Report to the “Operating Partnership” or the “OP” refer to United Dominion Realty, L.P. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. “Common stock” refers to the common stock of UDR and “stockholders” means the holders of shares of UDR’s common stock and preferred stock. The limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership are referred to as the “OP Units” and “DownREIT Units,” and the holders of the OP Units and DownREIT Units are referred to as “unitholders.” This combined Form 10-Q is being filed separately by UDR and the Operating Partnership. There are a number of differences between our Company and our Operating Partnership, which are reflected in our disclosure in this Report. UDR is a real estate investment trust (a “REIT”), whose most significant asset is its ownership interest in the Operating Partnership. UDR also conducts business through other subsidiaries, including its taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRS”). UDR acts as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, holds interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures, owns and operates properties, issues securities from time to time and guarantees debt of certain of our subsidiaries. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of a substantial portion of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity securities. The Operating Partnership has guaranteed certain outstanding debt of UDR. As of September 30, 2016 , UDR owned 110,883 units (100%) of the general partnership interests of the Operating Partnership and 174,116,596 units (approximately 95.1% ) of the limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. UDR conducts a substantial amount of its business and holds a substantial amount of its assets through the Operating Partnership, and, by virtue of its ownership of the OP Units and being the Operating Partnership’s sole general partner, UDR has the ability to control all of the day-to-day operations of the Operating Partnership. Separate financial statements and accompanying notes, as well as separate discussions under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” are provided for each of UDR and the Operating Partnership. UDR, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share and per share data) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 UDR, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 5 UDR, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) (In thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 UDR, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 UDR, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands, except for share data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION Basis of Presentation UDR, Inc., collectively with our consolidated subsidiaries (“UDR,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), is a self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops, and manages apartment communities. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of UDR and its subsidiaries, including United Dominion Realty, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership” or the “OP”) and UDR Lighthouse DownREIT L.P. (the “DownREIT Partnership”). As of September 30, 2016 , there were 183,278,698 units in the Operating Partnership outstanding, of which 174,227,479 units, or 95.1% , were owned by UDR and 9,051,219 units, or 4.9% , were owned by limited partners. As of September 30, 2016 , there were 32,367,380 units in the DownREIT Partnership (“DownREIT Units”) outstanding, of which 16,390,657 , or 50.6% , were owned by UDR (of which, 13,470,651 , or 41.6% , were held by the Operating Partnership) and 15,976,723 , or 49.4% , were owned by outside limited partners. The consolidated financial statements of UDR include the noncontrolling interests of the unitholders in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership. The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been condensed or omitted according to such rules and regulations, although management believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments and eliminations necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position as of September 30, 2016 , and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been included. Such adjustments are normal and recurring in nature. The interim results presented are not necessarily indicative of results that can be expected for a full year. The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 appearing in UDR’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2016 . The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements and the amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual amounts realized or paid could differ from those estimates. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company evaluated subsequent events through the date its financial statements were issued. No significant recognized or non-recognized subsequent events were noted other than those in Note 3, Real Estate Owned , and Note 5, Joint Ventures and Partnerships . 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The ASU addresses specific cash flow items with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice, including the treatment of distributions received from equity method investees. The updated standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018 and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented; early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the updated standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The standard requires entities to estimate a lifetime expected credit loss for most financial assets, including trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other financial instruments, and to present the net amount of the financial instrument expected to be collected. The updated standard will be effective for the 9 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Company on January 1, 2020; early adoption is permitted on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The ASU aims to simplify the accounting for share-based payments by amending the accounting for forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, classification in the statements of cash flow and income taxes. The updated standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The update requires a prospective, retrospective or modified retrospective approach, depending on the type of amendment. The Company does not expect the updated standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases . The standard amends the existing lease accounting guidance and requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (except for short-term leases that have a duration of one year or less) on their balance sheets. Lessees will continue to recognize lease expense in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, accounting for leases under the new guidance is substantially the same as in prior periods, but eliminates current real estate-specific provisions and changes the treatment of initial direct costs. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparable period presented, with an option to elect certain transition relief. Full retrospective application is prohibited. The standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which makes changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model of consolidation. Under ASU 2015-02, companies will need to re-evaluate whether an entity meets the criteria to be considered a variable interest entity (“VIE”) or whether the consolidation of an entity should be assessed under the voting model. The new standard specifically eliminates the presumption in the current voting model that a general partner controls a limited partnership or similar entity unless that presumption can be overcome. The new standard was effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2016. The adoption of the new standard did not result in the consolidation of entities not previously consolidated or the deconsolidation of any entities previously consolidated. Upon adopting the new standard, the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership became VIEs as the limited partners of these entities lack substantive kick-out rights and substantive participating rights. The Company is the primary beneficiary of, and continues to consolidate, the entities determined to be VIEs. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The standard specifically excludes lease contracts. The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method, and the standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018; early adoption is permitted on January 1, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Principles of Consolidation The Company accounts for subsidiary partnerships, joint ventures and other similar entities in which it holds an ownership interest in accordance with the amended consolidation guidance. The Company first evaluates whether each entity is a VIE. Under the VIE model, the Company consolidates an entity when it has control to direct the activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Under the voting model, the Company consolidates an entity when it controls the entity through ownership of a majority voting interest. Discontinued Operations In accordance with GAAP, a discontinued operation represents (1) a component of an entity or group of components that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale in a single transaction and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity’s financial results, or (2) an acquired business that is classified as held for sale on the date of acquisition. A strategic shift could include a disposal of (1) a separate major line of business, (2) a separate major geographic area of operations, (3) a major equity method investment, or (4) other major parts of an entity. 10 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 We record sales of real estate that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation in Gain/(loss) on sale of real estate owned, net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Revenue and Real Estate Sales Gain Recognition Rental income related to leases is recognized on an accrual basis when due from residents and tenants in accordance with GAAP. Rental payments are generally due on a monthly basis and recognized when earned. The Company recognizes interest income, management and other fees and incentives when earned, and the amounts are fixed and determinable. For sale transactions meeting the requirements for full accrual profit recognition, we remove the related assets and liabilities from our Consolidated Balance Sheets and record the gain or loss in the period the transaction closes. For sale transactions that do not meet the full accrual sale criteria due to our continuing involvement, we evaluate the nature of the continuing involvement and account for the transaction under an alternate method of accounting. Unless certain limited criteria are met, non-monetary transactions, including property exchanges, are accounted for at fair value. Sales to entities in which we retain or otherwise own an interest are accounted for as partial sales. If all other requirements for recognizing profit under the full accrual method have been satisfied and no other forms of continuing involvement are present, we recognize profit proportionate to the outside interest of the buyer and defer the gain on the interest we retain. The Company recognizes any deferred gain when the property is sold to a third party. In transactions accounted for by us as partial sales, we determine if the buyer of the majority equity interest in the venture was provided a preference as to cash flows in either an operating or a capital waterfall. If a cash flow preference has been provided, we recognize profit only to the extent that proceeds from the sale of the majority equity interest exceed costs related to the entire property. Notes Receivable The following table summarizes our notes receivable, net as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands): (a) The Company has a secured note receivable with an unaffiliated third party with an aggregate commitment of $13.0 million . Interest payments are due monthly. The note matures at the earliest of the following: (a) the closing of any private or public capital raising in the amount of $5.0 million or greater; (b) an acquisition; (c) acceleration in the event of default; or (d) the eighth anniversary of the date of the note (February 2020). In March 2016, the terms of this secured note receivable were amended to extend the maturity from the fifth anniversary of the date of the note (February 2017) to the eighth anniversary of the date of the note (February 2020). (b) The Company has a secured note receivable with an unaffiliated third party with an aggregate commitment of $2.5 million . Interest payments are due monthly. The note matures at the earliest of the following: (a) the closing of any private or public capital raising in the amount of $5.0 million or greater; (b) an acquisition; (c) acceleration in the event of default; or (d) the fifth anniversary of the date of the note (July 2017). 11 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (d) In April 2016, the Company entered into a secured note receivable with an unaffiliated third party with an aggregate commitment of $15.0 million . During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company loaned $3.0 million . Interest payments are due monthly. The note matures at the earliest of the following: (a) the closing of any private or public capital raising in the amount of $25.0 million or greater; (b) an acquisition; (c) acceleration in the event of default; or (d) the fifth anniversary of the date of the note (April 2021). The Company recognized $0.5 million and $0.4 million of interest income from notes receivable during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $1.3 million and $1.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, none of which was related party interest income. Interest income is included in Interest income and other income/(expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Comprehensive income/(loss), which is defined as the change in equity during each period from transactions and other events and circumstances from nonowner sources, including all changes in equity during a period except for those resulting from investments by or distributions to stockholders, is displayed in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Company’s other comprehensive income/(loss) consisted of the gain/(loss) (effective portion) on derivative instruments that are designated as and qualify as cash flow hedges, (gain)/loss on derivative instruments reclassified from other comprehensive income/(loss) into earnings, and the allocation of other comprehensive income/(loss) to noncontrolling interests. The (gain)/loss on derivative instruments reclassified from other comprehensive income/(loss) is included in Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 10, Derivatives and Hedging Activity, for further discussion. Income Taxes Due to the structure of the Company as a REIT and the nature of the operations for the operating properties, no provision for federal income taxes has been provided for at UDR. Historically, the Company has generally incurred only state and local excise and franchise taxes. UDR has elected for certain consolidated subsidiaries to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRS”), primarily those engaged in development activities. Income taxes for our TRS are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rate is recognized in earnings in the period of the enactment date. The Company’s deferred tax assets are generally the result of differing depreciable lives on capitalized assets and timing of expense recognition for certain accrued liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 , UDR’s net deferred tax asset was $8.5 million (net of a valuation allowance of $0.1 million ), which is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. GAAP defines a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. GAAP also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting for interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes its tax positions and evaluates them using a two-step process. First, UDR determines whether a tax position is more likely than not (greater than 50 percent probability) to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Second, the Company will determine the amount of benefit to recognize and record the amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. UDR had no material unrecognized tax benefit, accrued interest or penalties at September 30, 2016 . UDR and its subsidiaries are subject to federal income tax as well as income tax of various state and local jurisdictions. The tax years 2013 through 2015 remain open to examination by tax jurisdictions to which we are subject. When applicable, UDR recognizes interest and/or penalties related to uncertain tax positions in Tax benefit/(provision), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 12 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 3. REAL ESTATE OWNED Real estate assets owned by the Company consist of income producing operating properties, properties under development, land held for future development, and sold or held for disposition properties. As of September 30, 2016 , the Company owned and consolidated 132 communities in 10 states plus the District of Columbia totaling 40,728 apartment homes. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for our real estate owned (at cost) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): In June 2016, the Company increased its ownership interest from 50% to 100% in a parcel of land in Los Angeles, California for a purchase price of approximately $20.1 million , including closing costs. As a result, the Company consolidated the parcel of land. UDR had previously accounted for its 50% interest in the parcel of land as an unconsolidated joint venture (see Note 5, Joint Ventures and Partnerships ). We accounted for the consolidation as an asset acquisition resulting in no gain or loss upon consolidation and increased our real estate owned by $31.1 million . Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company entered into a triple-net operating ground lease for the parcel of land at market terms with a third-party developer. The lessee plans to construct a multi-family community on the parcel of land. The ground lease provides the ground lessee with options to buy the fee interest in the parcel of land. The lease term is 49 years plus two 25 -year extension options, does not transfer ownership to the lessee, and does not include a bargain purchase option. In August 2016, the Company increased its ownership interest from 5% to 100% in a parcel of land in Dublin, California for a purchase price of approximately $8.5 million , including closing costs. As a result, the Company consolidated the parcel of land. UDR had previously accounted for its 5% interest in the parcel of land as an unconsolidated joint venture (see Note 5, Joint Ventures and Partnerships ). We accounted for the consolidation as an asset acquisition resulting in no gain or loss upon consolidation and increased our real estate owned by $8.9 million . In September 2016, the Company entered into agreements to sell seven operating communities with a total of 1,402 apartment homes for a sales price of approximately $236.0 million . The operating communities were classified as held for disposition as of September 30, 2016 and the sales are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. On October 3, 2016, the Company increased its ownership from 50% to 100% in two operating communities located in Bellevue, Washington with a total of 331 apartment homes for a cash purchase price of approximately $70.3 million , including closing costs, and assumed secured debt of $75.8 million with a weighted average interest rate of 3.67% . As a result, as of October 3, 2016, the Company consolidated the operating communities. As of September 30, 2016, UDR accounted for its 50% interest as an unconsolidated joint venture (see Note 5, Joint Ventures and Partnerships ). We accounted for the consolidation as a business combination resulting in a projected gain on consolidation of approximately $34.0 million . Prior to September 30, 2016, as part of this acquisition, the Company funded $69.4 million , which is included in Funds held in escrow from Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchanges on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 13 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company sold a retail center in Bellevue, Washington and its 95% ownership interest in two parcels of land in Santa Monica, California for total gross proceeds of $69.4 million , resulting in total net proceeds of $66.1 million and a total gain, net of tax, of $10.4 million . A portion of the proceeds related to the sale of the retail center in Bellevue, Washington was designated for Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 1031 exchanges. As of September 30, 2016 , $17.8 million of these proceeds was included in Funds held in escrow from Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchanges on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. On October 11, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to sell an operating community with 380 apartment homes for a sales price of approximately $48.6 million . The sale is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. Predevelopment, development, and redevelopment projects and related costs are capitalized and reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Total real estate owned, net of accumulated depreciation . The Company capitalizes costs directly related to the predevelopment, development, and redevelopment of a capital project, which include, but are not limited to, interest, real estate taxes, insurance, and allocated development and redevelopment overhead related to support costs for personnel working on the capital projects. We use our professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. These costs are capitalized only during the period in which activities necessary to ready an asset for its intended use are in progress and such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to get the asset ready for its intended use. These costs, excluding the direct costs of development and redevelopment and capitalized interest, were $1.0 million and $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $5.7 million and $5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Total interest capitalized was $4.1 million and $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $12.1 million and $12.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. As each home in a capital project is completed and becomes available for lease-up, the Company ceases capitalization on the related portion and depreciation commences over the estimated useful life. 4. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES As of January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-02. See discussion in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies for further details. As a result of the adoption, the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership were determined to be VIEs. As the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary, we will continue to consolidate these entities. The Company has determined that the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership are VIEs as the limited partners lack substantive kick-out rights and substantive participating rights. The Company has concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of, and therefore continues to consolidate, the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership based on its role as the manager of the communities and its direct ownership interests, including all general partner interests. The Company's role as community manager and its equity interests give us the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance and the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses or the right to receive potentially significant benefits of the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership. See the consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership presented within this Report and Note 4, Unconsolidated Entities , to the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements for the results of operations of the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership, respectively. 5. JOINT VENTURES AND PARTNERSHIPS UDR has entered into joint ventures and partnerships with unrelated third parties to acquire real estate assets that are either consolidated and included in Real estate owned on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or are accounted for under the equity method of accounting, and are included in Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company consolidates the entities that we control as well as any variable interest entity where we are the primary beneficiary. In addition, the Company consolidates any joint venture or partnership in which we are the general partner or managing member and the third party does not have the ability to substantively participate in the decision-making process nor the ability to remove us as general partner or managing member without cause. UDR’s joint ventures and partnerships are funded with a combination of debt and equity. Our losses are limited to our investment and except as noted below, the Company does not guarantee any debt, capital payout or other obligations associated with our joint ventures and partnerships. 14 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The Company recognizes earnings or losses from our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships consisting of our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of the joint ventures and partnerships. In addition, we may earn fees for providing management services to the unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships. The following table summarizes the Company’s investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships, net, which are accounted for under the equity method of accounting as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands) : 15 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 In August 2016, the Company sold its 3% and 6% interests in two parcels of land located in Los Angeles, California and Bellevue, Washington, respectively, to MetLife for a total sales price of approximately $3.0 million , including closing costs, resulting in a loss on sale to the Company of approximately $0.9 million . The parcels of land were previously held in the UDR/MetLife I joint venture and are no longer accounted for as unconsolidated joint ventures. In September 2016, the UDR/MetLife II joint venture sold an operating community located in Dallas, Texas with a total of 252 apartment homes for a sales price of approximately $74.7 million resulting in a net gain of approximately $11.5 million for the Company. On October 3, 2016, the Company increased its ownership from 50% to 100% in two operating communities located in Bellevue, Washington with a total of 331 apartment homes for a cash purchase price of approximately $70.3 million , including closing costs, and assumed secured debt of $75.8 million with a weighted average interest rate of 3.67% . As a result, as of October 3, 2016, the Company consolidated the operating communities and they are no longer accounted for as unconsolidated joint ventures (see Note 3, Real Estate Owned ). The operating communities were held in the UDR/MetLife II joint venture as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the Company had deferred fees and deferred profit from the sale of properties to joint ventures or partnerships of $8.7 million and $6.8 million , respectively, which will be recognized through income over the weighted average life of the related properties, upon the disposition of the properties to a third party, or upon completion of certain development obligations. The Company recognized management fees for our management of the joint ventures and partnerships of $3.0 million and $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $8.4 million and $8.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. The management fees are included in Joint venture management and other fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company may, in the future, make additional capital contributions to certain of our joint ventures and partnerships should additional capital contributions be necessary to fund acquisitions or operations. We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships when events or changes in circumstances indicate that there may be an other-than-temporary decline in value. We consider various factors to determine if a decrease in the value of the investment is other-than-temporary. The Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary 16 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 decreases in the value of its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures or partnerships during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Combined summary balance sheets relating to the unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships (not just our proportionate share) are presented below as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): Combined summary financial information relating to the unconsolidated joint ventures’ and partnerships’ operations (not just our proportionate share), is presented below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ( dollars in thousands ) : 17 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 6. SECURED AND UNSECURED DEBT, NET The following is a summary of our secured and unsecured debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): 18 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 For purposes of classification of the above table, variable rate debt with a derivative financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is deemed as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instrument. Our secured debt instruments generally feature either monthly interest and principal or monthly interest-only payments with balloon payments due at maturity. As of September 30, 2016 , secured debt encumbered $1.8 billion or 19.5% of UDR’s total real estate owned based upon gross book value ( $7.6 billion or 80.5% of UDR’s real estate owned based on gross book value is unencumbered). (a) At September 30, 2016 , fixed rate mortgage notes payable are generally due in monthly installments of principal and interest and mature at various dates from February 2017 through June 2026 and carry interest rates ranging from 3.35% to 5.86% . On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a $25.0 million fixed rate mortgage note due June 5, 2026 with an interest rate of 3.35% . Interest is payable monthly beginning on July 5, 2016. The Company will from time to time acquire properties subject to fixed rate debt instruments. In those situations, the Company records the debt at its estimated fair value and amortizes any difference between the fair value and par value to interest expense over the life of the underlying debt instrument. The Company had a reduction to interest expense based on the amortization of the fair market adjustment of debt assumed in the acquisition of properties of $0.6 million and $1.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $2.1 million and $3.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. The unamortized fair market adjustment was a net premium of $7.8 million and $10.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively. (b) UDR has three secured credit facilities with Fannie Mae with an aggregate commitment of $636.8 million at September 30, 2016 . The Fannie Mae credit facilities mature at various dates from May 2017 through July 2023 and bear interest at floating and fixed rates. At September 30, 2016 , $355.8 million of the outstanding balance was fixed and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.06% and the remaining balance of $280.9 million had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.00% . The Company prepaid a portion of the secured credit facility due in May 2017 with a portion of the proceeds from the notes offering in August 2016, as described in (i) below. Further information related to these credit facilities is as follows (dollars in thousands) : (c) In July 2016, the Company paid off the $31.3 million variable rate mortgage note payable with borrowings under its $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. (d) The variable rate mortgage notes payable that secure tax-exempt housing bond issues mature in August 2019 and March 2032 . Interest on these notes is payable in monthly installments. The variable rate mortgage notes have interest rates ranging from 1.37% to 1.48% as of September 30, 2016 . (e) As of September 30, 2016 , the Company has a $1.1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and a $350.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”). The credit agreement for these facilities (the "Credit Agreement") allows the total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and the total borrowings under the Term Loan Facility to be increased to an aggregate maximum amount of up to $2.0 billion , subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders. The Revolving Credit Facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 31, 2020 , with two six -month extension options, subject to certain conditions. The Term Loan Facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 29, 2021 . 19 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the Revolving Credit Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 90 basis points and a facility fee of 15 basis points, and the Term Loan Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 95 basis points. Depending on the Company’s credit rating, the margin under the Revolving Credit Facility ranges from 85 to 155 basis points, the facility fee ranges from 12.5 to 30 basis points, and the margin under the Term Loan Facility ranges from 90 to 175 basis points. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. The Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary periods to cure. The occurrence of an event of default, following the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable. The following is a summary of short-term bank borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): (1) Excludes $2.9 million and $2.3 million of letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively. (f) As of September 30, 2016 , the Company has a working capital credit facility, which provides for a $75 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Working Capital Credit Facility”) with a scheduled maturity date of January 1, 2019. Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the Working Capital Credit Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 90 basis points. Depending on the Company’s credit rating, the margin ranges from 85 to 155 basis points. In July 2016, the Company amended the working capital credit facility to increase the maximum borrowing capacity from $30 million to $75 million . The scheduled maturity date and interest rate were unchanged by the amendment. The following is a summary of short-term bank borrowings under UDR’s working capital credit facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): (g) Paid off at maturity with borrowings under the Company's $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. (h) The Company previously entered into forward starting interest rate swaps to hedge against interest rate risk on $200 million of this debt. The all-in weighted average interest rate, inclusive of the impact of these interest rate swaps, was 4.55% . 20 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (i) On August 23, 2016, the Company issued $300 million of 2.95% senior unsecured medium-term notes due September 1, 2026. Interest is payable semi-annually beginning on March 1, 2017. The notes were priced at 100% of the principal amount at issuance. The Company used the net proceeds to prepay secured debt due in May 2017, pay down a portion of the borrowings outstanding on its $1.1 billion unsecured credit facility and for general corporate purposes. (j) The Operating Partnership is a guarantor of this debt. The aggregate maturities, including amortizing principal payments of unsecured and secured debt, of total debt for the next ten calendar years subsequent to September 30, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands): (a) Includes the unamortized balance of fair market value adjustments, premiums/discounts, deferred hedge gains, and deferred financing costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Company amortized $1.0 million and $1.5 million , respectively, of deferred financing costs into Interest expense . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Company amortized $3.5 million and $4.6 million , respectively, of deferred financing costs into Interest expense . We were in compliance with the covenants of our debt instruments at September 30, 2016 . 21 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 7. INCOME/(LOSS) PER SHARE The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted income/(loss) per share for the periods presented (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data): Basic income/(loss) per common share is computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted income/(loss) per common share is computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the common shares issuable from the assumed conversion of the OP Units and DownREIT Units, convertible preferred stock, stock options, unvested long-term incentive plan units ("LTIP Units") and unvested restricted stock. Only those instruments having a dilutive impact on our basic income/(loss) per share are included in diluted income/(loss) per share during the periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Company's Series E preferred stock was anti-dilutive. 22 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The following table sets forth the additional shares of common stock outstanding by equity instrument if converted to common stock for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (shares in thousands) : 8. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership Interests in the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership held by limited partners are represented by OP Units and DownREIT Units, respectively. The income is allocated to holders of OP Units/DownREIT Units based upon net income attributable to common stockholders and the weighted average number of OP Units/DownREIT Units outstanding to total common shares plus OP Units/DownREIT Units outstanding during the period. Capital contributions, distributions, and profits and losses are allocated to noncontrolling interests in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreements of the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership. Limited partners of the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership have the right to require such partnership to redeem all or a portion of the OP Units/DownREIT Units held by the limited partner at a redemption price equal to and in the form of the Cash Amount (as defined in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership or the DownREIT Partnership, as applicable), provided that such OP Units/DownREIT Units have been outstanding for at least one year, subject to certain exceptions. UDR, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership may, in its sole discretion, purchase the OP Units/DownREIT Units by paying to the limited partner either the Cash Amount or the REIT Share Amount (generally one share of common stock of the Company for each OP Unit/DownREIT Unit), as defined in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership or the DownREIT Partnership, as applicable. Accordingly, the Company records the OP Units and DownREIT Units outside of permanent equity and reports the OP Units and DownREIT Units at their redemption value using the Company’s stock price at each balance sheet date. The following table sets forth redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership for the following period ( dollars in thousands ): 23 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The following sets forth net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders and transfers from redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership for the following periods (dollars in thousands) : Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests represent interests of unrelated partners and unvested LTIP Units in certain consolidated affiliates. Net (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $(0.1) million and less than $0.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $(0.4) million and less than $(0.1) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. The Company grants LTIP Units to certain employees and non-employee directors. The LTIP Units represent an ownership interest in the Operating Partnership and have vesting terms of between one and three years, specific to the individual grants. Noncontrolling interests related to long-term incentive plan units represent the unvested LTIP Units of these employees and non-employee directors in the Operating Partnership. The net income/(loss) allocated to the LTIP Units is included in Net (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 9. FAIR VALUE OF DERIVATIVES AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A three-level valuation hierarchy prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: 24 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The estimated fair values of the Company’s financial instruments either recorded or disclosed on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands) : 25 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (a) See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies. (b) See Note 10, Derivatives and Hedging Activity. (c) See Note 6, Secured and Unsecured Debt, Net. (d) See Note 8, Noncontrolling Interests. There were no transfers into or out of each of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate options are determined using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the caps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the cap are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. 26 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In conjunction with the FASB’s fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership have a redemption feature and are marked to their redemption value. The redemption value is based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock at the redemption date, and therefore, is calculated based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock at the balance sheet date. Since the valuation is based on observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership are classified as Level 2. Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepaids, real estate taxes payable, accrued interest payable, security deposits and prepaid rent, distributions payable and accounts payable approximated their carrying values because of the short term nature of these instruments. The estimated fair values of other financial instruments were determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair values. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize on the disposition of the financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. We estimate the fair value of our notes receivable and debt instruments by discounting the remaining cash flows of the debt instrument at a discount rate equal to the replacement market credit spread plus the corresponding treasury yields. Factors considered in determining a replacement market credit spread include general market conditions, borrower specific credit spreads, time remaining to maturity, loan-to-value ratios and collateral quality, where applicable (Level 3). We record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the future operation and disposition of those assets are less than the net book value of those assets. Our cash flow estimates are based upon historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions and our estimated holding periods. The net book value of impaired assets is reduced to fair value. Our estimates of fair value represent our best estimate based upon Level 3 inputs such as industry trends and reference to market rates and transactions. We consider various factors to determine if a decrease in the value of our investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures, net is other-than-temporary. These factors include, but are not limited to, age of the venture, our intent and ability to retain our investment in the entity, the financial condition and long-term prospects of the entity, and the relationships with the other joint venture partners and its lenders. Based on the significance of the unobservable inputs, we classify these fair value measurements within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The Company did not incur any other-than-temporary decrease in the value of its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . After determining an other-than-temporary decrease in the value of an equity method investment has occurred, we estimate the fair value of our investment by estimating the proceeds we would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation of the investment at the date of measurement. Inputs reflect management’s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the investment giving consideration to the terms of the joint venture agreement and the estimated discounted future cash flows to be generated from the underlying joint venture assets. The inputs and assumptions utilized to estimate the future cash flows of the underlying assets are based upon the Company’s evaluation of the economy, market trends, operating results, and other factors, including judgments regarding costs to complete any construction activities, lease up and occupancy rates, rental rates, inflation rates, capitalization rates utilized to estimate the projected cash flows at the disposition, and discount rates. 27 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITY Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company may enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company’s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company’s investments and borrowings. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps and caps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up-front premium. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company recorded no ineffectiveness to earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 , the Company recognized a loss of less than $0.1 million reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Interest expense due to the de-designation of a cash flow hedge and recorded no other ineffectiveness to earnings. Amounts reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to derivatives that will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company’s variable-rate debt. Through September 30, 2017 , the Company estimates that an additional $2.8 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. As of September 30, 2016 , the Company had the following outstanding interest rate derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk ( dollars in thousands ): (a) The three interest rate swaps noted in the table above mature in January and April 2017. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company entered into four forward starting interest rate swaps, with an aggregate notional amount of $315.0 million , which are effective in January and April 2017 and mature in January 2020. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company’s exposure to interest rate movements and other identified risks but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements of GAAP. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings and resulted in an adjustment to earnings of less than $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . 28 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 As of September 30, 2016 , the Company had the following outstanding derivatives that were not designated as hedges in qualifying hedging relationships ( dollars in thousands ): Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet The tables below present the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): Tabular Disclosure of the Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations The tables below present the effect of the Company’s derivative financial instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): Credit-risk-related Contingent Features The Company has agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where (1) if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations; or (2) the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company’s default on the indebtedness. 29 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Certain of the Company’s agreements with its derivative counterparties contain provisions where, if there is a change in the Company’s financial condition that materially changes the Company’s creditworthiness in an adverse manner, the Company may be required to fully collateralize its obligations under the derivative instrument. The Company also has an agreement with a derivative counterparty that incorporates the loan and financial covenant provisions of the Company’s indebtedness with a lender affiliate of the derivative counterparty. Failure to comply with these covenant provisions would result in the Company being in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreement. The Company has certain agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where, in the event of default by the Company or the counterparty, the right of setoff may be exercised. Any amount payable to one party by the other party may be reduced by its setoff against any amounts payable by the other party. Events that give rise to default by either party may include, but are not limited to, the failure to pay or deliver payment under the derivative agreement, the failure to comply with or perform under the derivative agreement, bankruptcy, a merger without assumption of the derivative agreement, or in a merger, a surviving entity's creditworthiness is materially weaker than the original party to the derivative agreement. As of September 30, 2016 , the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was $2.0 million . As of September 30, 2016 , the Company has not posted any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at September 30, 2016 , it may have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of $2.0 million . Tabular Disclosure of Offsetting Derivatives Company has elected not to offset derivative positions in the consolidated financial statements. The tables below present the effect on its financial position had the Company made the election to offset its derivative positions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): (a) Amounts reconcile to the aggregate fair value of derivative assets in the “Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet” located in this footnote. (a) Amounts reconcile to the aggregate fair value of derivative liabilities in the “Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet” located in this footnote. 30 Table of Contents 11. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION The Company recognized stock based compensation expense, inclusive of awards granted to our independent directors, net of capitalization, of $3.5 million and $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $10.5 million and $13.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Commitments Real Estate Under Development The following summarizes the Company’s real estate commitments at September 30, 2016 ( dollars in thousands ): Contingencies Litigation and Legal Matters The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company cannot determine the ultimate liability with respect to such legal proceedings and claims at this time. The Company believes that such liability, to the extent not provided for through insurance or otherwise, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 13. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS GAAP guidance requires that segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the chief operating decision maker to decide how to allocate resources and for purposes of assessing such segments’ performance. UDR’s chief operating decision maker is comprised of several members of its executive management team who use several generally accepted industry financial measures to assess the performance of the business for our reportable operating segments. UDR owns and operates multifamily apartment communities that generate rental and other property related income through the leasing of apartment homes to a diverse base of tenants. The primary financial measures for UDR’s apartment communities are rental income and net operating income (“NOI”). Rental income represents gross market rent less adjustments for concessions, vacancy loss and bad debt. NOI is defined as rental income less direct property rental expenses. Rental expenses include real estate taxes, insurance, personnel, utilities, repairs and maintenance, administrative and marketing. 31 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Excluded from NOI is property management expense, which is calculated as 2.75% of property revenue to cover the regional supervision and accounting costs related to consolidated property operations, and land rent. UDR’s chief operating decision maker utilizes NOI as the key measure of segment profit or loss. UDR’s two reportable segments are Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other : Management evaluates the performance of each of our apartment communities on a Same-Store Community and Non-Mature Community/Other basis, as well as individually and geographically. This is consistent with the aggregation criteria under GAAP as each of our apartment communities generally has similar economic characteristics, facilities, services, and tenants. Therefore, the Company’s reportable segments have been aggregated by geography in a manner identical to that which is provided to the chief operating decision maker. All revenues are from external customers and no single tenant or related group of tenants contributed 10% or more of UDR’s total revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . 32 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The following table details rental income and NOI for UDR’s reportable segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , and reconciles NOI to Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to UDR, Inc . in the Consolidated Statements of Operations (dollars in thousands) : 33 Table of Contents UDR, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The following table details the assets of UDR’s reportable segments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands) : Capital expenditures related to our Same-Store Communities totaled $24.7 million and $20.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $60.7 million and $49.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Capital expenditures related to our Non-Mature Communities/Other totaled $2.2 million and $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $7.8 million and $13.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Markets included in the above geographic segments are as follows: 34 Table of Contents [This page is intentionally left blank.] UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except for unit data) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 36 UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per unit data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 37 UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) (In thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 38 UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (In thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 39 UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands, except for unit data) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 40 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 1. CONSOLIDATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Basis of Presentation United Dominion Realty, L.P. (“UDR, L.P.,” the “Operating Partnership,” “we” or “our”) is a Delaware limited partnership, that owns, acquires, renovates, redevelops, manages, and disposes of multifamily apartment communities generally located in high barrier to entry markets located in the United States. The high barrier to entry markets are characterized by limited land for new construction, difficult and lengthy entitlement process, expensive single-family home prices and significant employment growth potential. UDR, L.P. is a subsidiary of UDR, Inc. (“UDR” or the “General Partner”), a self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, through which UDR conducts a significant portion of its business. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , rental revenues of the Operating Partnership represented 43% and 53% , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , 43% and 53% , respectively, of the General Partner’s consolidated rental revenues. As of September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership’s apartment portfolio consisted of 56 communities located in 14 markets consisting of 16,974 apartment homes. Interests in UDR, L.P. are represented by operating partnership units (“OP Units”). The Operating Partnership’s net income is allocated to the partners, which is initially based on their respective distributions made during the year and secondly, their percentage interests. Distributions are made in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of United Dominion Realty, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership Agreement”), on a per unit basis that is generally equal to the dividend per share on UDR’s common stock, which is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “UDR.” As of September 30, 2016 , there were 183,278,698 OP Units outstanding, of which 174,227,479 or 95.1% were owned by UDR and affiliated entities and 9,051,219 or 4.9% were owned by non-affiliated limited partners. See Note 9, Capital Structure . The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been condensed or omitted according to such rules and regulations, although management believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments and eliminations necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position as of September 30, 2016 , and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been included. Such adjustments are normal and recurring in nature. The interim results presented are not necessarily indicative of results that can be expected for a full year. The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by UDR and the Operating Partnership with the SEC on February 23, 2016 . The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated statements are presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements and the amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual amounts realized or paid could differ from those estimates. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Operating Partnership evaluated subsequent events through the date its financial statements were issued. No recognized or non-recognized subsequent events were noted. 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The ASU addresses specific cash flow items with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice, including the treatment of distributions received from equity method investees. The updated standard will be effective for the Operating Partnership on 41 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 January 1, 2018 and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented; early adoption is permitted. The Operating Partnership does not expect the updated standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The standard requires entities to estimate a lifetime expected credit loss for most financial assets, including trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other financial instruments, and to present the net amount of the financial instrument expected to be collected. The updated standard will be effective for the Operating Partnership on January 1, 2020; early adoption is permitted on January 1, 2019. The Operating Partnership is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The ASU aims to simplify the accounting for share-based payments by amending the accounting for forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, classification in the statements of cash flow and income taxes. The updated standard will be effective for the Operating Partnership on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The update requires a prospective, retrospective or modified retrospective approach, depending on the type of amendment. The Operating Partnership does not expect the updated standard to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases . The standard amends the existing lease accounting guidance and requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (except for short-term leases that have a duration of one year or less) on their balance sheets. Lessees will continue to recognize lease expense in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, accounting for leases under the new guidance is substantially the same as in prior periods, but eliminates current real estate-specific provisions and changes the treatment of initial direct costs. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparable period presented, with an option to elect certain transition relief. Full retrospective application is prohibited. The standard will be effective for the Operating Partnership on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Operating Partnership is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which makes changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model of consolidation. Under ASU 2015-02, companies will need to re-evaluate whether an entity meets the criteria to be considered a variable interest entity (“VIE”) or whether the consolidation of an entity should be assessed under the voting model. The new standard specifically eliminates the presumption in the current voting model that a general partner controls a limited partnership or similar entity unless that presumption can be overcome. The new standard was effective for the Operating Partnership beginning on January 1, 2016. The adoption of the new standard did not result in the consolidation of entities not previously consolidated or the deconsolidation of any entities previously consolidated. Upon adopting the new standard, UDR Lighthouse DownREIT L.P. (the “DownREIT Partnership”) became a VIE as the limited partners lack substantive kick-out rights and substantive participating rights. The Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the DownREIT Partnership and will continue to account for its interest as an equity method investment. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The standard specifically excludes lease contracts. The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method, and the standard will be effective for the Operating Partnership on January 1, 2018; early adoption is permitted on January 1, 2017. The Operating Partnership has not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 42 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Principles of Consolidation The Operating Partnership accounts for subsidiary partnerships, joint ventures and other similar entities in which it holds an ownership interest in accordance with the amended consolidation guidance. The Operating Partnership first evaluates whether each entity is a VIE. Under the VIE model, the Operating Partnership consolidates an entity when it has control to direct the activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Under the voting model, the Operating Partnership consolidates an entity when it controls the entity through ownership of a majority voting interest. Discontinued Operations In accordance with GAAP, a discontinued operation represents (1) a component of an entity or group of components that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale in a single transaction and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity’s financial results, or (2) an acquired business that is classified as held for sale on the date of acquisition. A strategic shift could include a disposal of (1) a separate major line of business, (2) a separate major geographic area of operations, (3) a major equity method investment, or (4) other major parts of an entity. We record sales of real estate that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation in Gain/(loss) on sale of real estate owned, net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Income/(Loss) Per Operating Partnership Unit Basic income/(loss) per OP Unit is computed by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to the general and limited partner unitholders by the weighted average number of general and limited partner units outstanding during the year. Diluted income/(loss) per OP Unit reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue OP Units were exercised or converted into OP Units or resulted in the issuance of OP Units and then shared in the income/(loss) of the Operating Partnership. Revenue and Real Estate Sales Gain Recognition Rental income related to leases is recognized on an accrual basis when due from residents and tenants in accordance with GAAP. Rental payments are generally due on a monthly basis and recognized when earned. The Operating Partnership recognizes interest income, fees and incentives when earned, fixed and determinable. For sale transactions meeting the requirements for full accrual profit recognition, we remove the related assets and liabilities from our Consolidated Balance Sheets and record the gain or loss in the period the transaction closes. For sale transactions that do not meet the full accrual sale criteria due to our continuing involvement, we evaluate the nature of the continuing involvement and account for the transaction under an alternate method of accounting. Unless certain limited criteria are met, non-monetary transactions, including property exchanges, are accounted for at fair value. Sales to entities in which we or our General Partner retain or otherwise own an interest are accounted for as partial sales. If all other requirements for recognizing profit under the full accrual method have been satisfied and no other forms of continuing involvement are present, we recognize profit proportionate to the outside interest in the buyer and defer the gain on the interest we or our General Partner retain. The Operating Partnership recognizes any deferred gain when the property is sold to a third party. In transactions accounted by us as partial sales, we determine if the buyer of the majority equity interest in the venture was provided a preference as to cash flows in either an operating or a capital waterfall. If a cash flow preference has been provided, we recognize profit only to the extent that proceeds from the sale of the majority equity interest exceed costs related to the entire property. 43 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Comprehensive income/(loss), which is defined as the change in equity during each period from transactions and other events and circumstances from nonowner sources, including all changes in equity during a period except for those resulting from investments by or distributions to unitholders, is displayed in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Operating Partnership’s other comprehensive income/(loss) consisted of the gain/(loss) (effective portion) on derivative instruments that are designated as and qualify as cash flow hedges and (gain)/loss reclassified from other comprehensive income/(loss) into earnings. The (gain)/loss reclassified from other comprehensive income/(loss) is included in Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 8, Derivatives and Hedging Activity, for further discussion. Income Taxes The taxable income or loss of the Operating Partnership is reported on the tax returns of the partners. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the accompanying financial statements for federal or state income taxes on income that is passed through to the partners. However, any state or local revenue, excise or franchise taxes that result from the operating activities of the Operating Partnership are recorded at the entity level. The Operating Partnership’s tax returns are subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. Net income for financial reporting purposes differs from the net income for income tax reporting purposes primarily due to temporary differences, principally real estate depreciation and the tax deferral of certain gains on property sales. The differences in depreciation result from differences in the book and tax basis of certain real estate assets and the differences in the methods of depreciation and lives of the real estate assets. The Operating Partnership evaluates the accounting and disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Operating Partnership’s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are “more-likely-than-not” of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Management of the Operating Partnership is required to analyze all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which include federal and certain states. The Operating Partnership has no examinations in progress and none are expected at this time. Management of the Operating Partnership has reviewed all open tax years ( 2013 through 2015 ) of tax jurisdictions and concluded there is no tax liability resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in future tax returns. 3. REAL ESTATE OWNED Real estate assets owned by the Operating Partnership consist of income producing operating properties, properties under development, land held for future development, and sold or held for disposition properties. As of September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership owned and consolidated 56 communities in eight states plus the District of Columbia totaling 16,974 apartment homes. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts for our real estate owned (at cost) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands) : The Operating Partnership did not have any acquisitions or sales of real estate during the nine months ended 44 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 September 30, 2016 . In September 2016, the Operating Partnership entered into an agreement to sell two operating communities with a total of 276 apartment homes for a sales price of approximately $45.3 million . The operating communities were classified as held for disposition as of September 30, 2016 and the sale is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. Predevelopment, development, and redevelopment projects and related costs are capitalized and reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Total real estate owned, net of accumulated depreciation . The Operating Partnership capitalizes costs directly related to the predevelopment, development, and redevelopment of a capital project, which include, but are not limited to, interest, real estate taxes, insurance, and allocated development and redevelopment overhead related to support costs for personnel working on the capital projects. We use our professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. These costs are capitalized only during the period in which activities necessary to ready an asset for its intended use are in progress and such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to get the asset ready for its intended use. These costs, excluding the direct costs of development and redevelopment and capitalized interest, were $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $0.7 million and $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Total interest capitalized was less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. As each home in a capital project is completed and becomes available for lease-up, the Operating Partnership ceases capitalization on the related portion and depreciation commences over the estimated useful life. 4. UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES The Operating Partnership's investment in the DownREIT Partnership is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is included in Investment in unconsolidated entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Operating Partnership recognizes earnings or losses from its investments in unconsolidated entities consisting of our share of the net earnings or losses of the partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement. Upon adopting ASU 2015-02, the DownREIT Partnership became a VIE as the limited partners lack substantive kick-out rights and substantive participating rights. The Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the DownREIT Partnership as it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact its economic performance and will continue to account for its interest as an equity method investment. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies . As of September 30, 2016 , the DownREIT Partnership operated 13 communities with 6,261 apartment homes. The Operating Partnership’s investment in the DownREIT Partnership was $121.4 million and $166.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively. 45 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Combined summary balance sheets relating to all of the DownREIT Partnership (not just our proportionate share) are presented below as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): Combined summary financial information relating to all of the DownREIT Partnership (not just our proportionate share) is presented below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 ( dollars in thousands ) : There is no financial information presented for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 as the DownREIT Partnership was formed in the fourth quarter of 2015. 46 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 5. DEBT, NET Our secured debt instruments generally feature either monthly interest and principal or monthly interest-only payments with balloon payments due at maturity. For purposes of classification in the following table, variable rate debt with a derivative financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is deemed as fixed rate debt due to the Operating Partnership having effectively established the fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instrument. Secured debt consists of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): As of September 30, 2016 , an aggregate commitment of $408.5 million of the General Partner's secured credit facilities with Fannie Mae was allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the ownership of the assets securing the debt. The entire commitment was outstanding at September 30, 2016 . The portions of the Fannie Mae credit facilities allocated to the Operating Partnership mature at various dates from December 2018 through July 2023 and bear interest at floating and fixed rates. At September 30, 2016 , $244.9 million of the outstanding balance was fixed and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.05% and the remaining balance of $163.6 million on these facilities had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.22% . The following information relates to the credit facilities allocated to the Operating Partnership (dollars in thousands) : The Operating Partnership may from time to time acquire properties subject to fixed rate debt instruments. In those situations, management will record the secured debt at its estimated fair value and amortize any difference between the fair value and par to interest expense over the life of the underlying debt instrument. The Operating Partnership did not have any unamortized fair value adjustments associated with the fixed rate debt instruments on the Operating Partnership's properties. 47 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Fixed Rate Debt Secured credit facilities. At September 30, 2016 , the General Partner had borrowings against its fixed rate facilities of $355.8 million , of which $244.9 million was allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the ownership of the assets securing the debt. As of September 30, 2016 , the fixed rate Fannie Mae credit facilities allocated to the Operating Partnership had a weighted average fixed interest rate of 5.05% . Variable Rate Debt Tax-exempt secured note payable. The variable rate mortgage note payable that secures tax-exempt housing bond issues matures March 2032 . Interest on this note is payable in monthly installments. The mortgage note payable has an interest rate of 1.37% as of September 30, 2016 . Secured credit facilities. At September 30, 2016 , the General Partner had borrowings against its variable rate facilities of $280.9 million , of which $163.6 million was allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the ownership of the assets securing the debt. As of September 30, 2016 , the variable rate borrowings under the Fannie Mae credit facilities allocated to the Operating Partnership had a weighted average floating interest rate of 2.22% . The aggregate maturities of the Operating Partnership’s secured debt due during each of the next ten calendar years subsequent to September 30, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands): (a) Includes the unamortized balance of fair market value adjustments, premiums/discounts, deferred hedge gains, and deferred financing costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Operating Partnership amortized $0.1 million and $0.4 million , respectively, and $0.4 million and $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, of deferred financing costs into Interest expense . Guarantor on Unsecured Debt The Operating Partnership is a guarantor on the General Partner’s unsecured revolving credit facility with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $1.1 billion , $300 million of medium-term notes due June 2018 , $300 million of medium-term notes due October 2020 , a $350 million term loan facility due January 2021 , $400 million of medium-term notes due January 2022 , $300 million of medium-term notes due July 2024 , $300 million of medium-term notes due October 2025 and $300 million of medium-term notes due September 2026 . As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the outstanding balance under the unsecured revolving credit facility was $180.0 million and $150.0 million , respectively. 48 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Advances (To)/From the General Partner The Operating Partnership participates in the General Partner’s central cash management program, wherein all the Operating Partnership’s cash receipts are remitted to the General Partner and all cash disbursements are funded by the General Partner. In addition, other miscellaneous costs such as administrative expenses are incurred by the General Partner on behalf of the Operating Partnership. As a result of these various transactions between the Operating Partnership and the General Partner, the Operating Partnership had net Advances (to)/from General Partner of $43.3 million and $(11.3) million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively, which are reflected as increases/decreases of capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Allocation of General and Administrative Expenses The General Partner provides various general and administrative and other overhead services for the Operating Partnership including legal assistance, acquisitions analysis, marketing and advertising, and allocates these expenses to the Operating Partnership first on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated based on its pro-rata portion of UDR’s total apartment homes. The general and administrative expenses allocated to the Operating Partnership by UDR were $4.3 million and $6.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $11.8 million and $16.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and are included in General and administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In the opinion of management, this method of allocation reflects the level of services received by the Operating Partnership from the General Partner. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Operating Partnership incurred $3.1 million and $4.7 million , respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , the Operating Partnership incurred $10.4 million and $13.3 million , respectively, of related party management fees related to a management agreement entered into in 2011 with wholly-owned subsidiaries of UDR's taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") (See further discussion in paragraph below). These related party management fees are initially recorded in General and administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and a portion related to management fees charged by UDR's TRS is reclassified to Property management on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. (See further discussion below.) Management Fee In 2011, the Operating Partnership entered into a management agreement with wholly owned subsidiaries of UDR's TRSs. Under the management agreement, the Operating Partnership is charged a management fee equal to 2.75% of gross rental revenues, which is classified in Property management on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Notes Payable to General Partner As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the Operating Partnership had $273.3 million of unsecured notes payable to the General Partner at annual interest rates between 4.12% and 5.34% . Certain limited partners of the Operating Partnership have provided guarantees related to these notes payable. The guarantees were provided by the limited partners in conjunction with their contribution of properties to the Operating Partnership. The notes mature on August 31, 2021 , December 31, 2023 and April 1, 2026 , and interest payments are made monthly. The Operating Partnership recognized interest expense on the notes payable of $3.1 million and $1.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $9.2 million and $3.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 49 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 7. FAIR VALUE OF DERIVATIVES AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A three-level valuation hierarchy prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: The estimated fair values of the Operating Partnership’s financial instruments either recorded or disclosed on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands) : 50 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (a) See Note 8, Derivatives and Hedging Activity. (b) See Note 5, Debt, Net. Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate options are determined using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the caps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the cap are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. The General Partner, on behalf of the Operating Partnership, incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Operating Partnership has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. Although the General Partner, on behalf of the Operating Partnership, has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the Operating Partnership has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Operating Partnership has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In conjunction with the FASB’s fair value measurement guidance, the Operating Partnership made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. 51 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value As of September 30, 2016 , the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepaids, real estate taxes payable, accrued interest payable, security deposits and prepaid rent, distributions payable and accounts payable approximated their carrying values because of the short term nature of these instruments. The estimated fair values of other financial instruments were determined by the Operating Partnership using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair values. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Operating Partnership would realize on the disposition of the financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. Fair value of our debt instruments is estimated by discounting the remaining cash flows of the debt instrument at a discount rate equal to the replacement market credit spread plus the corresponding treasury yields. Factors considered in determining a replacement market credit spread include general market conditions, borrower specific credit spreads, time remaining to maturity, loan-to-value ratios and collateral quality (Level 3). The Operating Partnership records impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the future operation and disposition of those assets are less than the net book value of those assets. Cash flow estimates are based upon historical results adjusted to reflect management’s best estimate of future market and operating conditions and our estimated holding periods. The net book value of impaired assets is reduced to fair value. The General Partner’s estimates of fair value represent management’s estimates based upon Level 3 inputs such as industry trends and reference to market rates and transactions. 8. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITY Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives The Operating Partnership is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The General Partner principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The General Partner manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the General Partner enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The General Partner’s and the Operating Partnership’s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the General Partner’s known or expected cash payments principally related to the General Partner’s borrowings. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The General Partner’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the General Partner primarily uses interest rate swaps and caps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the General Partner making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up front premium. A portion of the General Partner’s interest rate derivatives have been allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the General Partner’s underlying debt instruments allocated to the Operating Partnership. (See Note 5, Debt, Net. ) The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. The 52 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Operating Partnership recorded no gain or loss from ineffectiveness during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Amounts reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the General Partner’s variable-rate debt that is allocated to the Operating Partnership. Through September 30, 2017 , we estimate that less than $0.1 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. As of September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership had the following outstanding interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk ( dollars in thousands ): Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Operating Partnership’s exposure to interest rate movements and other identified risks but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements of GAAP. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings and resulted in an adjustment to earnings of less than $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . As of September 30, 2016 , we had the following outstanding derivatives that were not designated as hedges in qualifying hedging relationships ( dollars in thousands ): Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet The table below presents the fair value of the Operating Partnership’s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): 53 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Tabular Disclosure of the Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations The tables below present the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ( dollars in thousands ): Credit-risk-related Contingent Features The General Partner has agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where (1) if the General Partner defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the General Partner could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations; or (2) the General Partner could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the General Partner’s default on the indebtedness. Certain of the General Partner’s agreements with its derivative counterparties contain provisions where if there is a change in the General Partner’s financial condition that materially changes the General Partner’s creditworthiness in an adverse manner, the General Partner may be required to fully collateralize its obligations under the derivative instrument. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , no cash collateral was posted or required to be posted by the General Partner or by a counterparty. The General Partner also has an agreement with a derivative counterparty that incorporates the loan and financial covenant provisions of the General Partner’s indebtedness with a lender affiliate of the derivative counterparty. Failure to comply with these covenant provisions would result in the General Partner being in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreement. The General Partner has certain agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where in the event of default by the General Partner or the counterparty, the right of setoff may be exercised. Any amount payable to one party by the other party may be reduced by its setoff against any amounts payable by the other party. Events that give rise to default by either party may include, but are not limited to, the failure to pay or deliver payment under the derivative agreement, the failure to comply with or perform under the derivative agreement, bankruptcy, a merger without assumption of the derivative agreement, or in a merger, a surviving entity’s creditworthiness is materially weaker than the original party to the derivative agreement. 54 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 As of September 30, 2016 , the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position that were allocated to the Operating Partnership, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was zero . The General Partner has elected not to offset derivative positions in the consolidated financial statements. The table below presents the effect on the Operating Partnership’s financial position had the General Partner made the election to offset its derivative positions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 : (a) Amounts reconcile to the aggregate fair value of derivative assets in the “Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet” located in this footnote. (b) Amounts reconcile to the aggregate fair value of derivative liabilities in the “Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet” located in this footnote. 9. CAPITAL STRUCTURE General Partnership Units The General Partner has complete discretion to manage and control the operations and business of the Operating Partnership, which includes but is not limited to the acquisition and disposition of real property, construction of buildings and making capital improvements, and the borrowing of funds from outside lenders or UDR and its subsidiaries to finance such activities. The General Partner can generally authorize, issue, sell, redeem or purchase any OP Unit or securities of the Operating Partnership without the approval of the limited partners. The General Partner can also approve, with regard to the issuances of OP Units, the class or one or more series of classes, with designations, preferences, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties including rights, powers and duties senior to limited partnership interests without approval of any limited partners except holders of Class A Limited Partnership Units. There were 110,883 General Partnership units outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , all of which were held by UDR. Limited Partnership Units As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , there were 183,167,815 limited partnership units outstanding, of which 1,873,332 were Class A Limited Partnership Units. UDR owned 174,116,596 , or 95.1% , and 174,114,516 , or 95.1% , of OP Units outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively, of which 121,661 were Class A Limited 55 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Partnership Units. The remaining 9,051,219 , or 4.9% , and 9,053,299 , or 4.9% , of OP Units outstanding were held by non-affiliated partners at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively, of which 1,751,671 were Class A Limited Partnership Units. Subject to the terms of the Operating Partnership Agreement, the limited partners have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of the OP Units held by the limited partner at a redemption price equal to and in the form of the Cash Amount (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement), provided that such OP Units have been outstanding for at least one year. UDR, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, may, in its sole discretion, purchase the OP Units by paying to the limited partner either the Cash Amount or the REIT Share Amount (generally one share of common stock of UDR for each OP Unit), as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement. The non-affiliated limited partners’ capital is adjusted to redemption value at the end of each reporting period with the corresponding offset against UDR’s limited partner capital account based on the redemption rights noted above. The aggregate value upon redemption of the then-outstanding OP Units held by limited partners was $325.8 million and $340.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively, based on the value of UDR’s common stock at each period end. A limited partner has no right to receive any distributions from the Operating Partnership on or after the date of redemption of its OP Units. Class A Limited Partnership Units Class A Limited Partnership Units have a cumulative, annual, non-compounded preferred return, which is equal to 8% based on a value of $16.61 per Class A Limited Partnership Unit. Holders of the Class A Limited Partnership Units exclusively possess certain voting rights. The Operating Partnership may not do the following without approval of the holders of the Class A Limited Partnership Units: (i) increase the authorized or issued amount of Class A Limited Partnership Units, (ii) reclassify any other partnership interest into Class A Limited Partnership Units, (iii) create, authorize or issue any obligations or security convertible into or the right to purchase any Class A Limited Partnership units, (iv) enter into a merger or acquisition, or (v) amend or modify the Operating Partnership Agreement in a manner that adversely affects the relative rights, preferences or privileges of the Class A Limited Partnership Units. LTIP Units UDR grants long-term incentive plan units ("LTIP Units") to certain employees and non-employee directors. The LTIP Units represent an ownership interest in the Operating Partnership and have voting and distribution rights consistent with OP Units. The LTIP Units are subject to the terms of UDR's long-term incentive plan. Two classes of LTIP Units are granted, Class 1 LTIP Units and Class 2 LTIP Units. Class 1 LTIP Units are granted to non-employee directors and vest after one year. Class 2 LTIP Units are granted to certain employees and vest over a period from one to three years subject to certain performance and market conditions being achieved. Vested LTIP Units may be converted into OP Units provided that such LTIP Units have been outstanding for at least two years from the date of grant. Allocation of Profits and Losses Profit of the Operating Partnership is allocated in the following order: (i) to the General Partner and the Limited Partners in proportion to and up to the amount of cash distributions made during the year, and (ii) to the General Partner and Limited Partners in accordance with their percentage interests. Losses and depreciation and amortization expenses, non-recourse liabilities are allocated to the General Partner and Limited Partners in accordance with their percentage interests. Losses allocated to the Limited Partners are capped to the extent that such an allocation would not cause a deficit in the Limited Partners’ capital account. Such losses are, therefore, allocated to the General Partner. If any Partner’s capital balance were to fall into a deficit, any income and gains are allocated to each Partner sufficient to eliminate its negative capital balance. 56 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Commitments Real Estate Under Development The following summarizes the Operating Partnership’s real estate commitments at September 30, 2016 ( dollars in thousands ): (a) Costs incurred to date include $3.2 million of accrued fixed assets for redevelopment. Contingencies Litigation and Legal Matters The Operating Partnership is subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Operating Partnership cannot determine the ultimate liability with respect to such legal proceedings and claims at this time. The General Partner believes that such liability, to the extent not provided for through insurance or otherwise, will not have a material adverse effect on the Operating Partnership’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 11. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS GAAP guidance requires that segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the chief operating decision maker to decide how to allocate resources and for purposes of assessing such segments’ performance. The Operating Partnership has the same chief operating decision maker as that of its parent, the General Partner. The chief operating decision maker consists of several members of UDR’s executive management team who use several generally accepted industry financial measures to assess the performance of the business for our reportable operating segments. The Operating Partnership owns and operates multifamily apartment communities throughout the United States that generate rental and other property related income through the leasing of apartment homes to a diverse base of tenants. The primary financial measures of the Operating Partnership’s apartment communities are rental income and net operating income (“NOI”), and are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of the Operating Partnership’s performance on a consolidated basis. Rental income represents gross market rent less adjustments for concessions, vacancy loss and bad debt. NOI is defined as total revenues less direct property operating expenses. Rental expenses include real estate taxes, insurance, personnel, utilities, repairs and maintenance, administrative and marketing. Excluded from NOI is property management expense which is calculated as 2.75% of property revenue to cover the regional supervision and accounting costs related to consolidated property operations, and land rent. The chief operating decision maker of the General Partner utilizes NOI as the key measure of segment profit or loss. The Operating Partnership’s two reportable segments are Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other: 57 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Management of the General Partner evaluates the performance of each of the Operating Partnership’s apartment communities on a Same-Store Community and Non-Mature Community/Other basis, as well as individually and geographically. This is consistent with the aggregation criteria under GAAP as each of the apartment communities generally has similar economic characteristics, facilities, services, and tenants. Therefore, the Operating Partnership’s reportable segments have been aggregated by geography in a manner identical to that which is provided to the chief operating decision maker. All revenues are from external customers and no single tenant or related group of tenants contributed 10% or more of the Operating Partnership’s total revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . The following table details rental income and NOI for the Operating Partnership’s reportable segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , and reconciles NOI to Net income/(loss) attributable to OP unitholders in the Consolidated Statements of Operations (dollars in thousands) : (a) Same-Store Community population consisted of 14,001 apartment homes. (b) Same-Store Community population consisted of 14,001 apartment homes. 58 Table of Contents UNITED DOMINION REALTY, L.P. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 The following table details the assets of the Operating Partnership’s reportable segments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands) : Capital expenditures related to the Operating Partnership’s Same-Store Communities totaled $12.3 million and $9.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $29.0 million and $24.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Capital expenditures related to the Operating Partnership’s Non-Mature Communities/Other totaled $0.6 million and $4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, and $1.7 million and $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Markets included in the above geographic segments are as follows: 59 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements concerning property acquisitions and dispositions, development activity and capital expenditures, capital raising activities, rent growth, occupancy, and rental expense growth. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “likely,” “will,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, unfavorable changes in the apartment market, changing economic conditions, the impact of inflation/deflation on rental rates and property operating expenses, expectations concerning availability of capital and the stabilization of the capital markets, the impact of competition and competitive pricing, acquisitions, developments and redevelopments not achieving anticipated results, delays in completing developments, redevelopments and lease-ups on schedule, expectations on job growth, home affordability and demand/supply ratio for multifamily housing, expectations concerning development and redevelopment activities, expectations on occupancy levels, expectations concerning the joint ventures with third parties, expectations that automation will help grow net operating income, and expectations on annualized net operating income. The following factors, among others, could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: • general economic conditions; • the failure of acquisitions to achieve anticipated results; • possible difficulty in selling apartment communities; • competitive factors that may limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents; • insufficient cash flow that could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk; • development and construction risks that may impact our profitability; 60 Table of Contents • potential liability for environmental contamination, which could result in substantial costs to us; • the imposition of federal taxes if we fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code in any taxable year; • changes in real estate laws, tax laws and other laws affecting our business. A discussion of these and other factors affecting our business and prospects is set forth in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. We encourage investors to review these risk factors. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such statements included in this Report may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law. UDR, Inc.: Business Overview UDR, Inc. is a self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns, acquires, renovates, develops, and manages apartment communities. We were formed in 1972 as a Virginia corporation. In June 2003, we changed our state of incorporation from Virginia to Maryland. Our subsidiaries include the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Report to “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company,” or “UDR” refer collectively to UDR, Inc., its subsidiaries and its consolidated joint ventures. At September 30, 2016 , our consolidated real estate portfolio included 132 communities in 10 states plus the District of Columbia totaling 40,728 apartment homes. In addition, we had an ownership interest in 28 communities with 6,891 apartment homes through unconsolidated operating communities. The Same-Store Community apartment home population for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 32,472 and 32,310 , respectively. 61 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our market information by major geographic markets as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 . We report in two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other . 62 Table of Contents Our Same-Store Communities segment represents those communities acquired, developed, and stabilized prior to July 1, 2015 for quarter-to-date comparison and January 1, 2015 for year-to-date comparison and held as of September 30, 2016 . These communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior period, there is no plan to conduct substantial redevelopment activities, and the community is not held for disposition within the current year. A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy once it achieves 90% occupancy for at least three consecutive months. Our Non-Mature Communities/Other segment represents those communities that do not meet the criteria to be included in Same-Store Communities , including, but not limited to, recently acquired, developed and redeveloped properties, and the non-apartment components of mixed use properties. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability to meet present and future financial obligations either through operating cash flows, sales of properties, borrowings under our credit agreements, and/or the issuance of debt and/or equity securities. Our primary source of liquidity is our cash flow from operations related to our portfolio of apartment homes and borrowings under our credit agreements. We routinely use our unsecured credit facility to temporarily fund certain investing and financing activities prior to arranging for longer-term financing or the issuance of equity or debt securities. During the past several years, proceeds from the sale of real estate have been used for both investing and financing activities as we repositioned our portfolio. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through net cash provided by property operations and borrowings under our credit agreements. We expect to meet certain long-term liquidity requirements such as scheduled debt maturities, the repayment of financing on development activities, and potential property acquisitions, through secured and unsecured borrowings, the issuance of debt or equity securities, and/or the disposition of properties. We believe that our net cash provided by property operations and borrowings under our credit agreements will continue to be adequate to meet both operating requirements and the payment of dividends by the Company in accordance with REIT requirements. Likewise, the budgeted expenditures for improvements and renovations of certain properties are expected to be funded from property operations, borrowings under credit agreements, the issuance of debt or equity securities, and dispositions of properties. We have a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, which provides for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock, guarantees of debt securities, warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts and units to facilitate future financing activities in the public capital markets. Access to capital markets is dependent on market conditions at the time of issuance. On August 23, 2016, the Company issued $300 million of 2.95% senior unsecured medium-term notes due September 1, 2026. Interest is payable semi-annually beginning on March 1, 2017. The notes were priced at 100% of the principal amount at issuance. The Company used the net proceeds to prepay secured debt due in May 2017, pay down a portion of the borrowings outstanding on its $1.1 billion unsecured credit facility and for general corporate purposes. The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a $25.0 million fixed rate mortgage note due June 5, 2026 with an interest rate of 3.35% . Interest is payable monthly. On March 4, 2016, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of its common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $173.7 million at a price per share of $34.73 . Aggregate net proceeds from the sale, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering-related expenses, were approximately $173.3 million, which were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. In April 2012, the Company entered into a new equity distribution agreement, which was amended in July 2014, under which the Company may offer and sell up to 20 million shares of its common stock, from time to time, to or through its sales agents. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company did not sell any shares of common stock through this program. As of September 30, 2016 , we had 13.1 million shares of common stock available for future issuance under the April 2012 program. Future Capital Needs Future development and redevelopment expenditures may be funded through borrowings under unsecured or secured credit facilities, proceeds from the issuance of equity or debt securities, sales of properties, and, to a lesser extent, from cash flow provided by property operations. Acquisition activity in strategic markets may be funded through joint ventures, by the 63 Table of Contents reinvestment of proceeds from the sale of properties, through the issuance of equity or debt securities, the issuance of operating partnership units and the assumption or placement of secured and/or unsecured debt. As of September 30, 2016 , we had approximately $0.8 million of secured debt maturing, inclusive of principal amortization, and no unsecured debt maturing, during the remainder of 2016 . We anticipate repaying that debt with cash flow from our operations, proceeds from debt or equity offerings, proceeds from dispositions of properties, or from borrowings under our credit agreements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements Our critical accounting policies are those having the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results and those requiring significant judgments and estimates. These policies include those related to (1) capital expenditures, (2) impairment of long-lived assets, (3) real estate investment properties, and (4) revenue recognition. Our critical accounting policies are described in more detail in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in UDR’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016 . There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from those reported in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016 . With respect to these critical accounting policies, we believe that the application of judgments and assessments is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly depicts the results of operations for all periods presented. Statements of Cash Flows The following discussion explains the changes in Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities , Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities , and Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities that are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Operating Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , our Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities was $383.1 million compared to $305.8 million for the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to improved net operating income, primarily driven by revenue growth at communities and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Investing Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities was $(271.6) million compared to $(228.2) million for the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the acquisition of real estate assets, increased development of real estate assets, a decrease in proceeds from the sale of real estate assets, decreased distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures and transfers to escrow for IRC Section 1031 exchanges, partially offset by decreased cash used for investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and decreased capital expenditures. Acquisitions In June 2016, the Company increased its ownership interest from 50% to 100% in a parcel of land in Los Angeles, California for a purchase price of approximately $20.1 million , including closing costs. As a result, the Company consolidated the parcel of land. UDR had previously accounted for its 50% interest in the parcel of land as an unconsolidated joint venture. We accounted for the consolidation as an asset acquisition resulting in no gain or loss upon consolidation and increased our real estate owned by $31.1 million . Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company entered into a triple-net operating ground lease for the parcel of land at market terms with a third-party developer. The lessee plans to construct a multi-family community on the parcel of land. The ground lease provides the ground lessee with options to buy the fee interest in the parcel of land. The lease term is 49 years plus two 25 -year extension options, does not transfer ownership to the lessee, and does not include a bargain purchase option. In August 2016, the Company increased its ownership interest from 5% to 100% in a parcel of land in Dublin, California for a purchase price of approximately $8.5 million , including closing costs. As a result, the Company consolidated the parcel of land. UDR had previously accounted for its 5% interest in the parcel of land as an unconsolidated joint venture. We accounted for the consolidation as an asset acquisition resulting in no gain or loss upon consolidation and increased our real estate owned by $8.9 million . 64 Dispositions During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company sold a retail center in Bellevue, Washington and its 95% ownership interest in two parcels of land in Santa Monica, California for total gross proceeds of $69.4 million , resulting in total net proceeds of $66.1 million and a total gain, net of tax, of $10.4 million . A portion of the proceeds related to the sale of the retail center in Bellevue, Washington were designated for Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 1031 exchanges. As of September 30, 2016 , $17.8 million of these proceeds were included in Funds held in escrow from Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchanges on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Capital Expenditures We capitalize those expenditures that materially enhance the value of an existing asset or substantially extend the useful life of an existing asset. Expenditures necessary to maintain an existing property in ordinary operating condition are expensed as incurred. Total capital expenditures, which in aggregate include recurring capital expenditures and major renovations, of $83.4 million or $2,049 per stabilized home were spent on all of our communities, excluding real estate under development, non-stabilized communities, and commercial properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $79.3 million or $2,033 per stabilized home for the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in total capital expenditures was primarily due to: This increase was partially offset by: The following table outlines capital expenditures and repair and maintenance costs for all of our communities, excluding real estate under development, non-stabilized communities, and commercial properties, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 : This table reports amounts capitalized during the year. Actual capital spending is impacted by the net change in capital expenditure accruals. We intend to continue to selectively add revenue enhancing improvements which we believe will provide a return on investment in excess of our cost of capital. Our objective in redeveloping a community is twofold: we aim to meaningfully grow rental rates while also achieving cap rate compression through asset quality improvement. Recurring capital expenditures during 2016 are projected to be approximately $1,150 per home. 65 Consolidated Real Estate Under Development and Redevelopment As of September 30, 2016 , our development pipeline for two wholly-owned communities totaled 1,101 homes, of which none have been completed, with a budget of $708.5 million , in which we have a carrying value of $294.8 million . The communities are estimated to be completed during the first quarter of 2018 and first quarter of 2019. As of September 30, 2016 , the Company was redeveloping four communities, located in San Francisco, California, Newport Beach, California, Austin, Texas, and Dallas, Texas, which are expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018. The redevelopment includes the renovation of building exteriors, corridors, and common area amenities as well as individual apartment homes. Unconsolidated Joint Ventures and Partnerships The Company recognizes income or losses from our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships consisting of our proportionate share of the net income or losses of the joint ventures and partnerships. In addition, we may earn fees for providing management services to the unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships. The Company’s investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships, net, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , our proportionate share of the net income/(loss) of the joint ventures and partnerships was $16.3 million , our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures increased by $29.8 million primarily due to making capital contributions, and we received distributions of $52.3 million , of which $19.8 million were operating cash flows and $32.5 million were investing cash flows. The Company may, in the future, make additional capital contributions to certain of our joint ventures and partnerships should additional capital contributions be necessary to fund acquisitions, development or operations. We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships when events or changes in circumstances indicate that there may be an other-than-temporary decline in value. We consider various factors to determine if a decrease in the value of the investment is other-than-temporary. The Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary decreases in the value of its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures or partnerships during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Financing Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , our Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities was $(115.0) million compared to $(91.5) million for the comparable period of 2015 . The following significant financing activities occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 : Credit Facilities As of September 30, 2016 , the Company had three secured credit facilities with Fannie Mae with an aggregate commitment of $636.8 million at September 30, 2016 . The Fannie Mae credit facilities mature at various dates from May 2017 through July 2023 and bear interest at floating and fixed rates. At September 30, 2016 , $355.8 million of the outstanding balance was fixed and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.06% and the remaining balance of $280.9 million had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.00% . As of September 30, 2016 , the Company has a $1.1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and a $350.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”). The credit agreement for these 66 facilities includes an accordion feature that allows the total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and the total borrowings under the Term Loan Facility to be increased to an aggregate maximum amount of up to $2.0 billion , subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders. The Revolving Credit Facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 31, 2020 , with two six -month extension options, subject to certain conditions. The Term Loan Facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 29, 2021 . Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the Revolving Credit Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 90 basis points and a facility fee of 15 basis points, and the Term Loan Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 95 basis points. As of September 30, 2016 , we had $180.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, leaving $920.0 million of unused capacity (excluding $2.9 million of letters of credit at September 30, 2016 ), and $315.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Facility. As of September 30, 2016 , the Company has a working capital credit facility, which provides for a $75 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Working Capital Credit Facility”) with a scheduled maturity date of January 1, 2019. Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the Working Capital Credit Facility has an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 90 basis points. Depending on the Company’s credit rating, the margin ranges from 85 to 155 basis points. As of September 30, 2016 , we had $66.9 million of outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Credit Facility, leaving $8.1 million of unused capacity. In July 2016, the Company amended the working capital credit facility to increase the maximum borrowing capacity from $30 million to $75 million . The scheduled maturity date and interest rate were unchanged by the amendment. The Fannie Mae credit facilities and the bank unsecured revolving credit facilities are subject to customary financial covenants and limitations, all of which we were in compliance with at September 30, 2016 . Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risk associated with variable rate notes payable and maturing debt that has to be refinanced. We do not hold financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes, but rather issue these financial instruments to finance our portfolio of real estate assets. Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship between changes in market interest rates and the fair value of market rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Our earnings are affected as changes in short-term interest rates impact our cost of variable rate debt and maturing fixed rate debt. We had $657.6 million in variable rate debt that is not subject to interest rate swap contracts as of September 30, 2016 . If market interest rates for variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points, our interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 would have increased by $5.2 million based on the average balance outstanding during the period. These amounts are determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost. This analysis does not consider the effects of the adjusted level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, management would likely take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. The Company also utilizes derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk and generally designates these financial instruments as cash flow hedges. See Note 10, Derivatives and Hedging Activities , in the Notes to the UDR Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for additional discussion of derivate instruments. A presentation of cash flow metrics based on GAAP is as follows ( dollars in thousands ): Results of Operations The following discussion explains the changes in results of operations that are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . 67 Table of Contents Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders was $26.0 million ( $0.10 per diluted share) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $12.4 million ( $0.05 per diluted share) for the comparable period in the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from the following items, which are discussed in further detail elsewhere within this Report: This was partially offset by: Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders was $52.5 million ( $0.20 per diluted share) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $171.2 million ( $0.66 per diluted share) for the comparable period in the prior year. The decrease resulted primarily from the following items, which are discussed in further detail elsewhere within this Report: This was partially offset by: 68 Table of Contents Apartment Community Operations Our net income results are primarily from NOI generated from the operation of our apartment communities. The following table summarizes the operating performance of our total property NOI for each of the periods presented (dollars in thousands): (a) Same-Store Community population consisted of 32,472 apartment homes. (b) Same-Store Community population consisted of 32,310 apartment homes. (c) Excludes depreciation, amortization, and property management expenses. 69 Table of Contents The following table is our reconciliation of total property NOI to Net income/(loss) attributable to UDR, Inc. for each of the periods presented ( dollars in thousands): Same-Store Communities Our Same-Store Community properties (those acquired, developed, and stabilized prior to July 1, 2015 for quarter-to-date comparison and January 1, 2015 for year-to-date comparison and held as of September 30, 2016 ) consisted of 32,472 and 32,310 apartment homes, respectively, and provided 77.5% and 77.5% of our total NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively. Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 NOI for our Same-Store Community properties increase d 6.4% or $8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property NOI was attributable to a 5.3% or $9.3 million increase in property rental income, which was partially offset by a 2.5% or $1.3 million increase in operating expenses. The increase in property income was primarily driven by a 5.2% or $8.6 million increase in rental rates and a 6.6% or $0.9 million increase in reimbursement and fee income. Physical occupancy increased 0.1% to 96.8% and total monthly income per occupied home increased 5.2% to $1,966. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by a 10.3% or $1.8 million increase in real estate taxes, partially offset by a decrease of 18.7% or $0.5 million in insurance expense. The operating margin (property net operating income divided by property rental income) was 71.2% and 70.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 70 Table of Contents Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 NOI for our Same-Store Community properties increase d 6.9% or $25.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property NOI was attributable to a 5.9% or $30.5 million increase in property rental income, which was partially offset by a 3.5% or $5.3 million increase in operating expenses. The increase in property income was primarily driven by a 5.9% or $29.0 million increase in rental rates and a 6.6% or $2.7 million increase in reimbursement and fee income. Physical occupancy decreased 0.1% to 96.6% and total monthly income per occupied home increased 5.9% to $1,942. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by a 9.2% or $4.9 million increase in real estate taxes. As a result of the percentage changes in property rental income and property operating expenses, the operating margin (property net operating income divided by property rental income) increase d to 71.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 70.6% for the comparable period in 2015 . Non-Mature Communities/Other UDR’s Non-Mature Communities/Other represent those communities that do not meet the criteria to be included in Same-Store Communities , including, but not limited to, recently acquired, developed and redeveloped properties, and the non-apartment components of mixed use properties. Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 The remaining 22.5% or $38.4 million of our total NOI during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was generated from our Non-Mature Communities/Other . NOI from Non-Mature Communities/Other increase d by 29.9% or $8.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in NOI of $12.1 million from acquired communities and an increase of $1.2 million from developed and redeveloped communities completed in 2015 and 2016, which was partially offset by a decrease in NOI of $5.1 million from communities sold or held for disposition in 2015 and 2016. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 The remaining 22.5% or $112.7 million of our total NOI during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was generated from our Non-Mature Communities/Other . NOI from Non-Mature Communities/Other increase d by 34.8% or $29.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in NOI of $36.1 million from acquired communities and an increase of $10.6 million from developed and redeveloped communities completed in 2015 and 2016, which was partially offset by a decrease in NOI of $18.4 million from communities sold or held for disposition in 2015 and 2016. Joint Venture Management and Other Fees For the nine months ended ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , we recognized income from joint venture management and other fees of $8.5 million and $19.5 million , respectively. The decrease in income in 2016 as compared to 2015 was attributable to the promote and fee income of $9.6 million recognized in connection with the sale of the Texas Joint Venture in 2015 and the decrease in the number of properties managed in the Company's joint ventures. Real Estate Depreciation and Amortization During the three months ended September 30, 2016 , real estate depreciation and amortization increase d 16.8% or $15.2 million as compared to the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to homes delivered from our development and redevelopment communities and communities acquired in 2015, partially offset by a decrease from sold communities and fully depreciated assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , real estate depreciation and amortization increase d 17.6% or $47.4 million as compared to the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to homes delivered from our development and redevelopment communities and communities acquired in 2015, partially offset by a decrease from sold communities and fully depreciated assets. 71 Table of Contents General and Administrative For the three months ended September 30, 2016 , general and administrative expense decrease d 25.3% or $4.0 million as compared to the comparable period in 2015 . The decrease in general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was principally due to a decrease in bonus expense and stock-based compensation expense for awards under the long-term incentive plan primarily due to the departure of our Chief Financial Officer in 2016 and outperformance in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , general and administrative expense decrease d 12.5% or $5.2 million as compared to the comparable period in 2015 . The decrease in general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was principally due to a decrease in long-term incentive plan transition costs and a decrease in bonus expense and stock-based compensation expense for awards under the long-term incentive plan primarily due to the departure of our Chief Financial Officer in 2016 and outperformance in 2015, which was partially offset by an increase in healthcare costs and salary and benefit increases. Income/(Loss) from Unconsolidated Entities For the three months ended ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , we recognized income from unconsolidated entities of $15.3 million and $2.7 million , respectively. This income relates to our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships. The increase in income for the three months ended 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to the sale of an operating community by the UDR/MetLife II joint venture, which resulted in a gain of $11.5 million for the Company, and a casualty gain of $4.6 million as a result of insurance proceeds related to a September 2015 event received in 2016. For the nine months ended ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 , we recognized income from unconsolidated entities of $16.3 million and $61.3 million , respectively. This income relates to our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships. The decrease in income for the nine months ended 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to the sale of an operating community by the UDR/MetLife II joint venture, which resulted in a gain of $11.5 million for the Company, and a casualty gain of $3.5 million as a result of insurance proceeds related to a September 2015 event received in 2016, as compared to the sale of eight communities held by the Texas Joint Venture in 2015, which generated gains of $59.1 million in 2015. Interest Expense For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , interest expense increase d by 5.7% or $5.0 million as compared to the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in interest expense was principally due to an overall higher weighted average interest rate on total debt, which was primarily a result of lower weighted average daily borrowings under the unsecured credit facility. Gain/(Loss) on Sale of Real Estate Owned, Net of Tax During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company recognized a gain, net of tax, of $10.4 million on the sale of a retail center in Bellevue, Washington and two parcels of land in Santa Monica, California. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , the Company recognized gains, net of tax, of $79.0 million on the sale of three communities, located in Clearwater, Florida, Orlando, Florida and Beaverton, Oregon, with 812 apartment homes. Inflation We believe that the direct effects of inflation on our operations have been immaterial. While the impact of inflation primarily impacts our results through wage pressures, utilities and material costs, the majority of our leases are for a term of fourteen months or less, which generally enables us to compensate for any inflationary effects by increasing rents on our apartment homes. Although an extreme escalation in energy and food costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this has had a material impact on our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 . Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material. 72 Table of Contents Funds from Operations, Funds from Operations as Adjusted, and Adjusted Funds from Operations Funds from Operations Funds from operations (“FFO”) is defined as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate or of investments in non-consolidated investees that are driven by measurable decreases in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the investee, gains or losses from sales of real estate owned, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for noncontrolling interests, unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. This definition conforms with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trust’s (“NAREIT”) definition issued in April 2002. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered the presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. Thus, NAREIT created FFO as a supplemental measure of a REIT’s operating performance. In the computation of FFO, diluted, if OP Units, DownREIT Units, unvested restricted stock, unvested LTIP Units, stock options, and the shares of Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock are dilutive; they are included in the diluted share count. Activities of our taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRS”) include development and land entitlement. From time to time, we develop and subsequently sell a TRS property which results in a short-term use of funds that produces a profit that differs from the traditional long-term investment in real estate for REITs. We believe that the inclusion of these TRS gains in FFO is consistent with the standards established by NAREIT as the short-term investment is incidental to our main business. TRS gains on sales, net of taxes, are defined as net sales proceeds less a tax provision and the gross investment basis of the asset before accumulated depreciation. We consider FFO a useful metric for investors as we use FFO in evaluating property acquisitions and our operating performance, and believe that FFO should be considered along with, but not as an alternative to, net income and cash flow as a measure of our activities in accordance with GAAP. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs. Funds from Operations as Adjusted FFO as Adjusted ("FFO as Adjusted") is defined as FFO excluding the impact of acquisition-related costs and other non-comparable items including, but not limited to, prepayment costs/benefits associated with early debt retirement, gains on sales of marketable securities and TRS property, deferred tax valuation allowance increases and decreases, storm-related expenses and recoveries, severance costs and legal costs. Management believes that FFO as Adjusted is useful supplemental information regarding our operating performance as it provides a consistent comparison of our operating performance across time periods and allows investors to more easily compare our operating results with other REITs. FFO as Adjusted is not intended to represent cash flow or liquidity for the period, and is only intended to provide an additional measure of our operating performance. We believe that Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to FFO as Adjusted. However, other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating FFO as Adjusted or similar FFO measures and, accordingly, our FFO as Adjusted may not always be comparable to FFO as Adjusted or similar FFO measures calculated by other REITs. FFO as Adjusted should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of financial performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of our liquidity. Adjusted Funds from Operations Adjusted FFO (“AFFO”) is a non-GAAP financial measure that management uses as a supplemental measure of our performance. AFFO is defined as FFO as Adjusted less recurring capital expenditures that are necessary to help preserve the value of and maintain functionality at our communities. Therefore, management considers AFFO a useful supplemental performance metric for investors as it is more indicative of the Company’s operational performance than FFO or FFO as Adjusted. AFFO is not intended to represent cash flow or liquidity for the period, and is only intended to provide an additional measure of our operating performance. We believe that Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to AFFO. Management believes that AFFO is a widely recognized measure of the 73 Table of Contents operations of REITs, and presenting AFFO will enable investors to assess our performance in comparison to other REITs. However, other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating AFFO and, accordingly, our AFFO may not always be comparable to AFFO calculated by other REITs. AFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of financial performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions. 74 Table of Contents The following table outlines our reconciliation of Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders to FFO, FFO as Adjusted, and AFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ( dollars in thousands): 75 Table of Contents The following table is our reconciliation of FFO share information to weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted, reflected on the UDR Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (shares in thousands): United Dominion Realty, L.P.: Business Overview United Dominion Realty, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership” or “UDR, L.P.”) is a Delaware limited partnership formed in February 2004 and organized pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act. The Operating Partnership is the successor-in-interest to United Dominion Realty, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of Virginia, which commenced operations on November 4, 1995. Our sole general partner is UDR, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“UDR” or the “General Partner”), which conducts a substantial amount of its business and holds a substantial amount of its assets through the Operating Partnership. At September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership’s real estate portfolio included 56 communities located in eight states and the District of Columbia with a total of 16,974 apartment homes. As of September 30, 2016 , UDR owned 110,883 units of our general partnership interests and 174,116,596 units of our limited partnership interests (the “OP Units”), or approximately 95.1% of our outstanding OP Units. By virtue of its ownership of our OP Units and being our sole general partner, UDR has the ability to control all of the day-to-day operations of the Operating Partnership. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this section to the Operating Partnership or “we,” “us” or “our” refer to UDR, L.P. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. In this section, we refer to the General Partner together with its consolidated subsidiaries (including us) and the General Partner’s consolidated joint ventures as “UDR” or the “General Partner.” UDR is a self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns, acquires, renovates, develops, and manages apartment communities. The General Partner was formed in 1972 as a Virginia corporation and changed its state of incorporation from Virginia to Maryland in June 2003. At September 30, 2016 , the General Partner’s consolidated real estate portfolio included 132 communities located in 10 states and the District of Columbia with a total of 40,728 apartment homes. In addition, the General Partner had an ownership interest in 28 communities with 6,891 completed apartment homes through unconsolidated operating communities. The Operating Partnership’s same-store community apartment home population for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 14,001 . 76 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our market information by major geographic markets as of September 30, 2016 : We report in two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other . Our Same-Store Communities segment represents those communities acquired, developed, and stabilized prior to July 1, 2015 for quarter-to-date comparison and January 1, 2015 for year-to-date comparison and held as of September 30, 2016 . These communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior period, there is no plan to conduct substantial redevelopment activities, and the communities are not held for disposition within the current year. A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy once it achieves 90% occupancy for at least three consecutive months. Our Non-Mature Communities/Other segment represents those communities that do not meet the criteria to be included in Same-Store Communities , including, but not limited to, recently acquired, developed and redeveloped properties, and the non-apartment components of mixed use properties. 77 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability to meet present and future financial obligations either through operating cash flows, the sale of properties, and the issuance of debt. Both the coordination of asset and liability maturities and effective capital management are important to the maintenance of liquidity. The Operating Partnership’s primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations as determined by rental rates, occupancy levels, and operating expenses related to our portfolio of apartment homes and borrowings allocated to us under the General Partner’s credit agreements. The General Partner will routinely use its unsecured credit facility to temporarily fund certain investing and financing activities prior to arranging for longer-term financing or the issuance of equity or debt securities. During the past several years, proceeds from the sale of real estate have been used for both investing and financing activities as we repositioned our portfolio. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through net cash provided by operations and borrowings allocated to us under the General Partner’s credit agreements. We expect to meet certain long-term liquidity requirements such as scheduled debt maturities and potential property acquisitions through borrowings and the disposition of properties. We believe that our net cash provided by operations and borrowings will continue to be adequate to meet both operating requirements and the payment of distributions. Likewise, the budgeted expenditures for improvements and renovations of certain properties are expected to be funded from property operations, and borrowings allocated to us under the General Partner’s credit agreements. Future Capital Needs Future capital expenditures are expected to be funded with proceeds from the issuance of secured debt or unsecured debt, sales of properties, borrowings allocated to us under our General Partner’s credit agreements, and to a lesser extent, from cash flows provided by operating activities. As of September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership did not have any secured debt maturing during the remainder of 2016 . Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements Our critical accounting policies are those having the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results and those requiring significant judgments and estimates. These policies include those related to (1) capital expenditures, (2) impairment of long-lived assets, (3) real estate investment properties, and (4) revenue recognition. Our critical accounting policies are described in more detail in the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Operating Partnership’s current Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016 . There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from those reported. With respect to these critical accounting policies, we believe that the application of judgments and assessments is consistently applied and produces financial information that fairly depicts the results of operations for all periods presented. Statements of Cash Flows The following discussion explains the changes in Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities , Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities , and Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities that are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Operating Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities was $179.3 million compared to $178.9 million for the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to improved operating income, primarily driven by revenue growth at communities. Investing Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities was $(38.0) million compared to $(24.2) million for the comparable period in 2015 . The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from dispositions, partially offset by decreased development of real estate assets and increased distributions received from unconsolidated entities. 78 Table of Contents Real Estate Under Development and Redevelopment At September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership was redeveloping two communities, located in San Francisco, California and Newport Beach, California, both of which are expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017. The redevelopments include the renovation of building exteriors, corridors, and common area amenities as well as individual apartment homes. Financing Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , our Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities was $(144.4) million compared to $(155.1) million for the comparable period of 2015 . The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to an decrease in advances to the General Partner, partially offset by the payoff of maturing debt and the early payoff of debt maturing in May 2017. Credit Facilities As of September 30, 2016 , an aggregate commitment of $408.5 million of the General Partner's secured credit facilities with Fannie Mae was allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the ownership of the assets securing the debt. The entire commitment was outstanding at September 30, 2016 . The portions of the Fannie Mae credit facilities allocated to the Operating Partnership mature at various dates from December 2018 through July 2023 and bear interest at floating and fixed rates. At September 30, 2016 , $244.9 million of the outstanding balance was fixed at a weighted average interest rate of 5.05% and the remaining balance of $163.6 million on these facilities had a weighted average variable interest rate of 2.22% . The Operating Partnership is a guarantor on the General Partner’s unsecured revolving credit facility with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $1.1 billion , $300 million of medium-term notes due June 2018 , $300 million of medium-term notes due October 2020 , a $350 million term loan facility due January 2021 , $400 million of medium-term notes due January 2022 , $300 million of medium-term notes due July 2024 , $300 million of medium-term notes due October 2025 and $300 million of medium-term notes due September 2026 . As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , the outstanding balance under the unsecured revolving credit facility was $180.0 million and $150.0 million , respectively. The credit facilities are subject to customary financial covenants and limitations. Derivative Instruments As part of our General Partner’s overall interest rate risk management strategy, our General Partner uses derivatives as a means to fix the interest rates of variable rate debt obligations or to hedge anticipated financing transactions. Our General Partner’s derivative transactions used for interest rate risk management include interest rate swaps with indexes that relate to the pricing of specific debt instruments of our General Partner that are allocated to the Operating Partnership. The General Partner believes that we have appropriately controlled our interest rate risk through the use of derivative instruments (allocated to the Operating Partnership based on the General Partner’s underlying debt instruments allocated to the Operating Partnership) to minimize any unintended effect on consolidated earnings. Derivative contracts did not have a material impact on the results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (see Note 8, Derivatives and Hedging Activity, in the Notes to the Operating Partnership’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report). Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risk associated with variable rate notes payable and maturing debt that has to be refinanced. We do not hold financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes, but rather issue these financial instruments to finance our portfolio of real estate assets. Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship between changes in market interest rates and the fair value of market rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Our earnings are affected as changes in short-term interest rates impact our cost of variable rate debt and maturing fixed rate debt. We had $190.6 million in variable rate debt that is not subject to interest rate swap contracts as of September 30, 2016 . If market interest rates for variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points, our interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 would increase by $1.4 million based on the average balance outstanding during the period. These amounts are determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost. These analyses do not consider the effects of the adjusted level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, management would likely take actions to further mitigate our exposure to 79 Table of Contents the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. The General Partner also utilizes derivative financial instruments allocated to the Operating Partnership to manage interest rate risk and generally designates these financial instruments as cash flow hedges. See Note 8, Derivatives and Hedging Activities , in the Notes to the Operating Partnership’s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of derivate instruments. Results of Operations The following discussion explains the changes in results of operations that are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 . Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to OP Unitholders Net income attributable to OP unitholders was $11.5 million ( $0.06 per diluted OP Unit) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net income of $14.6 million ( $0.08 per diluted OP Unit) for the comparable period in the prior year. The decrease in net income attributable to OP unitholders resulted primarily from the following items, which are discussed in further detail elsewhere within this Report: This was partially offset by: Net income attributable to OP unitholders was $27.3 million ( $0.15 per diluted OP Unit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net income of $98.3 million ( $0.54 per diluted OP Unit) for the comparable period in the prior year. The decrease in net income attributable to OP unitholders resulted primarily from the following items, which are discussed in further detail elsewhere within this Report: This was partially offset by: 80 Table of Contents Apartment Community Operations Our net income results primarily from NOI generated from the operation of our apartment communities. The Operating Partnership defines NOI, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as rental income less direct property rental expenses. Rental income represents gross market rent less adjustments for concessions, vacancy loss and bad debt. Rental expenses include real estate taxes, insurance, personnel, utilities, repairs and maintenance, administrative and marketing. Excluded from NOI is property management expense, which is calculated as 2.75% of property revenue to cover regional supervision and accounting costs related to consolidated property operations, and land rent. The following table summarizes the operating performance of our total portfolio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands) : 81 Table of Contents The following table is our reconciliation of total property NOI to Net income/(loss) attributable to OP unitholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands) : Same-Store Communities Our Same-Store Community properties (those acquired, developed, and stabilized prior to July 1, 2015 for quarter-to-date comparison and January 1, 2015 for year-to-date comparison and held as of September 30, 2016 ) consisted of 14,001 apartment homes for both periods and provided 79.9% of our total NOI for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 . Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 NOI for our Same-Store Community properties increase d 7.3% or $4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property NOI was primarily attributable to a 6.3% or $4.8 million increase in property rental income, which was partially offset by a 3.7% or $0.8 million increase in operating expenses. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by a 6.2% or $4.5 million increase in rental rates. Physical occupancy increased 0.2% to 96.9% and total income per occupied home increased 6.1% to $2,010 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property operating expenses was primarily driven by a 12.4% or $0.8 million increase in real estate taxes and a 7.3% or $0.1 million increase in general and administrative expense compared to the same period in 2015 . As a result of the percentage changes in property rental income and property operating expenses, the operating margin (property net operating income divided by property rental income) increase d to 73.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 72.3% for the comparable period in 2015 . Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 NOI for our Same-Store Community properties increase d 7.9% or $12.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property NOI was primarily attributable to a 6.9% or $15.5 million increase in property rental income, which was partially offset by a 4.2% or $2.6 million increase in operating expenses. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by a 7.2% or $15.2 million increase in rental rates. Physical occupancy decreased 0.2% to 96.6% and total income per occupied home increased 7.1% to $1,980 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The increase in property operating expenses was primarily driven by a 9.2% or $1.8 million increase in real estate taxes, a 9.0% or $0.3 million increase in general and administrative expense and a 2.3% or $0.2 million increase in utilities expense compared to the same period in 2015 . 82 Table of Contents As a result of the percentage changes in property rental income and property operating expenses, the operating margin (property net operating income divided by property rental income) increase d to 73.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 72.9% for the comparable period in 2015 . Non-Mature Communities/Other The Operating Partnership’s Non-Mature Communities/Other represent those communities that do not meet the criteria to be included in Same-Store Communities , including, but not limited to, recently acquired, developed and redeveloped communities, and the non-apartment components of mixed use properties. Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 The remaining 20.1% or $15.0 million of our total NOI during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was generated from our Non-Mature Communities . NOI from Non-Mature Communities decrease d 43.7% or $11.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in NOI of $13.3 million from sold and held for sale communities, which was partially offset by an increase in NOI from acquired communities of $1.7 million and an increase in NOI from developed properties of $0.4 million . Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 The remaining 20.1% or $44.5 million of our total NOI during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was generated from our Non-Mature Communities . NOI from Non-Mature Communities decrease d 43.1% or $33.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 . The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in NOI of $40.9 million from sold and held for sale communities, which was partially offset by an increase in NOI from acquired communities of $5.4 million and an increase in NOI from developed properties of $1.8 million . Real Estate Depreciation and Amortization For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , real estate depreciation and amortization decrease d by 15.8% or $6.9 million and 16.3% or $21.6 million , respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2015 , primarily due to the deconsolidation of communities contributed to the DownREIT Partnership during 2015, partially offset by homes delivered from our development and redevelopment properties. General and Administrative For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , general and administrative expense decrease d by 41.6% or $3.3 million and 32.6% or $6.7 million , respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2015 , primarily due to the deconsolidation of communities contributed to the DownREIT Partnership during 2015. Income/(Loss) in Unconsolidated Entities For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , income/(loss) from unconsolidated entities of $(9.5) million and $(32.9) million , respectively, was attributable to the Operating Partnership's ownership interest in the DownREIT Partnership, which was formed in the fourth quarter of 2015 . The Operating Partnership did not hold any ownership interests in unconsolidated entities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 . Interest Expense For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , interest expense decrease d by 31.7% or $3.5 million and 30.6% or $10.0 million , respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2015 . The decrease in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower loan balances as a result of seven communities, and their related debt, being deconsolidated in 2015 in connection with the formation of the DownREIT Partnership. Gain/(Loss) on Sale of Real Estate Owned During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership did not have any sales of consolidated real estate owned. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , the Operating Partnership recognized a gain of $32.4 million on the sale of one community in Beaverton, Oregon and recognized a gain of $24.6 million, which was previously deferred, in connection with the sale of the communities held by the Texas Joint Venture. 83 Table of Contents Inflation We believe that the direct effects of inflation on our operations have been immaterial. While the impact of inflation primarily impacts our results through wage pressures, utilities and material costs, substantially all of our leases are for a term of one year or less, which generally enables us to compensate for any inflationary effects by increasing rents on our apartment homes. Although an extreme escalation in energy and food costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this has had a material impact on our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 . Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material. 84 Table of Contents Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The Company and the Operating Partnership are exposed to interest rate changes associated with our unsecured credit facility and other variable rate debt as well as refinancing risk on our fixed rate debt. The Company’s and the Operating Partnership’s involvement with derivative financial instruments is limited and we do not expect to use them for trading or other speculative purposes. The Company and the Operating Partnership use derivative instruments solely to manage their exposure to interest rates. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under the heading “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for a more complete discussion of our interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 , our market risk has not changed materially from the amounts reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Operating Partnership are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. As a result, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that such disclosure controls and procedures will meet their objectives. As of September 30, 2016 , we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Operating Partnership. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Operating Partnership are effective at the reasonable assurance level described above. There have not been any changes in either the Company’s or the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the third fiscal quarter to which this report relates that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of either the Company or the Operating Partnership. 85 Table of Contents PART II — OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company is a party to various claims and routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that the results of any such claims and litigation, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS There are many factors that affect the business and the results of operations of the Company and the Operating Partnership, some of which are beyond the control of the Company and the Operating Partnership. The following is a description of important factors that may cause the actual results of operations of the Company and the Operating Partnership in future periods to differ materially from those currently expected or discussed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report relating to our financial results, operations and business prospects. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Our Operations Unfavorable Apartment Market and Economic Conditions Could Adversely Affect Occupancy Levels, Rental Revenues and the Value of Our Real Estate Assets. Unfavorable market conditions in the areas in which we operate and unfavorable economic conditions generally may significantly affect our occupancy levels, our rental rates and collections, the value of the properties and our ability to strategically acquire or dispose of apartment communities on economically favorable terms. Our ability to lease our properties at favorable rates is adversely affected by the increase in supply in the multifamily and other rental markets and is dependent upon the overall level in the economy, which is adversely affected by, among other things, job losses and unemployment levels, recession, personal debt levels, a downturn in the housing market, stock market volatility and uncertainty about the future. Some of our major expenses, including mortgage payments, generally do not decline when related rents decline. We would expect that declines in our occupancy levels, rental revenues and/or the values of our apartment communities would cause us to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and to distribute to UDR’s stockholders, which could adversely affect our financial condition and the market value of our securities. Factors that may affect our occupancy levels, our rental revenues, and/or the value of our properties include the following, among others: 86 Table of Contents We May Be Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Apartment Units as Leases Expire. When our residents decide to leave our apartments, whether because they decide not to renew their leases or they leave prior to their lease expiration date, we may not be able to relet their apartment units. Even if the residents do renew or we can relet the apartment units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable than current lease terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. If residents do not experience increases in their income, we may be unable to increase rent and/or delinquencies may increase. Substantial International, National and Local Government Spending and Increasing Deficits May Adversely Impact Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The values of, and the cash flows from, the properties we own are affected by developments in global, national and local economies. As a result of the most recent recession and the significant government interventions, federal, state and local governments have incurred record deficits and assumed or guaranteed liabilities of private financial institutions or other private entities. These increased budget deficits and the weakened financial condition of federal, state and local governments may lead to reduced governmental spending, tax increases, public sector job losses, increased interest rates, currency devaluations or other adverse economic events, which may directly or indirectly adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risk of Inflation/Deflation. Substantial inflationary or deflationary pressures could have a negative effect on rental rates and property operating expenses. The general risk of inflation is that interest on our debt and general and administrative expenses increase at a rate faster than increases in our rental rates, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to UDR’s stockholders. The predominant effects of deflation include high unemployment and credit contraction. Restricted lending practices could impact our ability to obtain financing or refinancing for our properties. We Are Subject to Certain Risks Associated with Selling Apartment Communities, Which Could Limit Our Operational and Financial Flexibility. We periodically dispose of apartment communities that no longer meet our strategic objectives, but adverse market conditions may make it difficult to sell apartment communities like the ones we own. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms we set, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Furthermore, we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. These conditions may limit our ability to dispose of properties and to change our portfolio promptly in order to meet our strategic objectives, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the market value of our securities. We are also subject to the following risks in connection with sales of our apartment communities: Competition Could Limit Our Ability to Lease Apartment Homes or Increase or Maintain Rents. Our apartment communities compete with numerous housing alternatives in attracting residents, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family rental homes, as well as owner occupied single- and multi-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of Past or Future Acquisitions, and the Failure to Integrate Acquired Communities and New Personnel Successfully Could Create Inefficiencies. We have selectively acquired in the past, and if presented with attractive opportunities we intend to selectively acquire in the future, apartment communities that meet our investment criteria. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 87 Table of Contents Competition Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Acquire Properties. In the past, other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, developer partnerships, investment companies and other public and private apartment REITs, have competed with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties, and such competition in the future may make it more difficult for us to pursue attractive investment opportunities on favorable terms, which could adversely affect our ability to grow or acquire properties profitably or with attractive returns. Development and Construction Risks Could Impact Our Profitability. In the past we have selectively pursued the development and construction of apartment communities, and we intend to do so in the future as appropriate opportunities arise. Development activities have been, and in the future may be, conducted through wholly-owned affiliated companies or through joint ventures with unaffiliated parties. Our development and construction activities are subject to the following risks: In some cases in the past, the costs of upgrading acquired communities exceeded our original estimates. We may experience similar cost increases in the future. Our inability to charge rents that will be sufficient to offset the effects of any increases in these costs may impair our profitability. 88 Table of Contents Bankruptcy or Defaults of Our Counterparties Could Adversely Affect Our Performance. We have relationships with and, from time to time, we execute transactions with or receive services from many counterparties, such as general contractors engaged in connection with our development activities. As a result, bankruptcies or defaults by these counterparties could result in services not being provided, projects not being completed on time, or on budget, or at all, or volatility in the financial markets and economic weakness could affect the counterparties’ ability to complete transactions with us as intended, both of which could result in disruptions to our operations that may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Property Ownership Through Partnerships and Joint Ventures May Limit Our Ability to Act Exclusively in Our Interest. We have in the past and may in the future develop and/or acquire properties in partnerships and joint ventures with other persons or entities when we believe circumstances warrant the use of such structures. We currently have 16 active joint ventures and partnerships, including our participating loan investment and preferred equity investment, with a total equity investment of $917.9 million . We could become engaged in a dispute with one or more of our partners which might affect our ability to operate a jointly-owned property. Moreover, partners may have business, economic or other objectives that are inconsistent with our objectives, including objectives that relate to the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property. In some instances, our partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest. Also, our partners might refuse to make capital contributions when due and we may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses. In general, we and our partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners’ interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction and may result in the valuation of our interest in the partnership or joint venture (if we are the seller) or of the other partner’s interest in the partnership or joint venture (if we are the buyer) at levels which may not be representative of the valuation that would result from an arm’s length marketing process. We are also subject to risk in cases where an institutional owner is our partner, including (i) a deadlock if we and our partner are unable to agree upon certain major and other decisions, (ii) the limitation of our ability to liquidate our position in the partnership or joint venture without the consent of the other partner, and (iii) the requirement to provide guarantees in favor of lenders with respect to the indebtedness of the joint venture. We may not be permitted to dispose of certain properties or pay down the indebtedness associated with those properties when we might otherwise desire to do so without incurring additional costs. In connection with certain property acquisitions, we have agreed with the sellers that we will not dispose of the acquired properties or reduce the mortgage indebtedness on such properties for significant periods of time unless we pay certain of the resulting tax costs of the sellers, and we may enter into similar agreements in connection with future property acquisitions. These agreements could result in us retaining properties that we would otherwise sell or not paying down or refinancing indebtedness that we would otherwise pay down or refinance. However, subject to certain conditions, we retain the right to substitute other property or debt to meet these obligations to the sellers. We Could Incur Significant Insurance Costs and Some Potential Losses May Not Be Adequately Covered by Insurance. We have a comprehensive insurance program covering our property and operating activities with limits of liability customary within the multifamily industry. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses which may not be adequately covered under our insurance program. In addition, we will sustain losses due to insurance deductibles, self-insured retention, uninsured claims or casualties, or losses in excess of applicable coverage. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Material losses in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. If one or more of our significant properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Such events could adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of insuring our apartment communities is a significant component of expense. Insurance premiums are subject to significant increases and fluctuations, which are generally outside of our control. We insure our properties with insurance companies that we believe have a good rating at the time our policies are put into effect. The financial condition of one or more of our insurance companies that we hold policies with may be negatively impacted, which could result in their inability to pay on future insurance claims. Their inability to pay future claims may have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, the failure of one or more insurance companies may increase the costs to renew our insurance policies or increase the cost of insuring additional properties and recently developed or redeveloped properties. 89 Table of Contents Failure to Succeed in New Markets May Limit Our Growth. We have acquired in the past, and we may acquire in the future if appropriate opportunities arise, apartment communities that are outside of our existing markets. Entering into new markets may expose us to a variety of risks, and we may not be able to operate successfully in new markets. These risks include, among others: Potential Liability for Environmental Contamination Could Result in Substantial Costs. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, as a current or former owner or operator of real estate, we could be required to investigate and remediate the effects of contamination of currently or formerly owned real estate by hazardous or toxic substances, often regardless of our knowledge of or responsibility for the contamination and solely by virtue of our current or former ownership or operation of the real estate. In addition, we could be held liable to a governmental authority or to third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination. These costs could be substantial, and in many cases environmental laws create liens in favor of governmental authorities to secure their payment. The presence of such substances or a failure to properly remediate any resulting contamination could materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or rent an affected property. In addition, our properties are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, including laws governing the management of wastes and underground and aboveground storage tanks. Noncompliance with these environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to liability. Changes in laws could increase the potential costs of compliance with environmental laws, health and safety laws or increase liability for noncompliance. This may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise materially and adversely affect our operations. As the owner or operator of real property, we may also incur liability based on various building conditions. For example, buildings and other structures on properties that we currently own or operate or those we acquire or operate in the future contain, may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing material, or ACM. Environmental, health and safety laws require that ACM be properly managed and maintained and may impose fines or penalties on owners, operators or employers for non-compliance with those requirements. These requirements include special precautions, such as removal, abatement or air monitoring, if ACM would be disturbed during maintenance, renovation or demolition of a building, potentially resulting in substantial costs. In addition, we may be subject to liability for personal injury or property damage sustained as a result of exposure to ACM or releases of ACM into the environment. We cannot assure you that costs or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental issues will not affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, or that such costs or liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our Properties May Contain or Develop Harmful Mold or Suffer from Other Indoor Air Quality Issues, Which Could Lead to Liability for Adverse Health Effects or Property Damage or Cost for Remediation. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants or to increase ventilation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury occurs. Compliance or Failure to Comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or Other Safety Regulations and Requirements Could Result in Substantial Costs. The Americans with Disabilities Act generally requires that public buildings, including our properties, be made accessible to disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the 90 Table of Contents federal government or the award of damages to private litigants. From time to time, claims may be asserted against us with respect to some of our properties under the Americans with Disabilities Act. If, under the Americans with Disabilities Act, we are required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or more of our properties, including the removal of access barriers, it could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow and results of operations. Compliance with or Changes in Real Estate Tax and Other Laws Could Adversely Affect Our Funds from Operations and Our Ability to Make Distributions to Stockholders. Generally we do not directly pass through costs resulting from compliance with or changes in real estate tax laws to residential property tenants. We also do not generally pass through increases in income, service or other taxes to tenants under leases. These costs may adversely affect net operating income and the ability to make distributions to stockholders. Similarly, compliance with or changes in (i) laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions or (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating housing, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which would adversely affect our funds from operations and the ability to make distributions to stockholders. Risk of Damage from Catastrophic Weather and Natural Events and Potential Climate Change. Certain of our communities are located in areas that may experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time, including mudslides, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes, snow or ice storms, or other severe inclement weather. These adverse weather and natural events could cause damage or losses that may be greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that we experience any significant changes in the climate in areas where our communities are located, we may experience extreme weather conditions and prolonged changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which could result in physical damage to, and/or a decrease in demand for, our communities located in these areas. Should the impact of such climate change be material in nature, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Risk of Earthquake Damage. Some of our communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly due to limited industry capacity. As a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in management’s view, economically impractical. Risk of Accidental Death Due to Fire, Natural Disasters or Other Hazards. The accidental death of persons living in our communities due to fire, natural disasters or other hazards could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where such any such events have occurred, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Actual or Threatened Terrorist Attacks May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business and Operating Results and Could Decrease the Value of Our Assets. Actual or threatened terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Attacks that directly impact one or more of our apartment communities could significantly affect our ability to operate those communities and thereby impair our ability to achieve our expected results. Further, our insurance coverage may not cover all losses caused by a terrorist attack. In addition, the adverse effects that such violent acts and threats of future attacks could have on the U.S. economy could similarly have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 91 Table of Contents Mezzanine Loan Assets Involve Greater Risks of Loss than Senior Loans Secured by Income-producing Properties. We may acquire mezzanine loans, which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property. Mezzanine loans may involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending secured by income-producing real property, because the loan may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender and because it is in second position and there may not be adequate equity in the property. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some of or all our initial expenditure. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. We May Experience a Decline in the Fair Value of Our Assets and Be Forced to Recognize Impairment Charges, Which Could Materially and Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition, Liquidity and Results of Operations and the Market Price of UDR ’ s Common Stock. A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us to recognize an impairment against such assets under generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States (“GAAP”), if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets to maturity or for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to the amortized cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write down the amortized cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize asset impairment charges in the future, these charges could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and the per share trading price of UDR’s common stock. Any Material Weaknesses Identified in Our Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Could Have an Adverse Effect on UDR ’ s Stock Price. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on UDR’s stock price. Our Business and Operations Would Suffer in the Event of System Failures or Breaches in Data Security. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication failures. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and keeping of records, which may include personal identifying information of tenants and lease data. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing confidential tenant information, such as individually identifiable information relating to financial accounts. Although we take steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, it is possible that our security measures will not be able to prevent the systems’ improper functioning, or the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information, such as in the event of cyber attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could materially and adversely affect us. Our Success Depends on Our Senior Management. Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, whose continued service is not guaranteed. We may not be able to find qualified replacements for the individuals who make up our senior management if their services should no longer be available to us. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We May be Adversely Affected by New Federal Laws and Regulations. The United States Administration and Congress have enacted, or called for consideration of, proposals relating to a variety of issues, including with respect to health care, financial regulation reform, climate change, executive compensation and others. We believe that these and other potential proposals could have varying degrees of impact on us ranging from minimal to material. At this time, we are unable to predict with certainty what level of impact specific proposals could have on us. 92 Table of Contents Federal rulemaking and administrative efforts that may have an impact on us focus principally on the areas perceived as contributing to the global financial crisis and the most recent economic recession. These initiatives have created a degree of uncertainty regarding the basic rules governing the real estate industry and many other businesses that is unprecedented in the United States at least since the wave of lawmaking and regulatory reform that followed in the wake of the Great Depression. The federal legislative response in this area culminated in the enactment on July 21, 2010 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”). Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have extended implementation periods and delayed effective dates and continue to require rulemaking by regulatory authorities; thus, the impact on us may not be known for an extended period of time. The Dodd-Frank Act, including rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, along with other legislative and regulatory proposals that are proposed or pending in the United States Congress, may limit our revenues, impose fees or taxes on us, and/or intensify the regulatory framework in which we operate in ways that are not currently identifiable. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure in particular, including certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, have created uncertainty for public companies like ours and could significantly increase the costs and risks associated with accessing the U.S. public markets. Because we are committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting, corporate governance and public disclosure, our management team will need to devote significant time and financial resources to comply with these evolving standards for public companies. We intend to continue to invest appropriate resources to comply with both existing and evolving standards, and this investment has resulted and will likely continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. We May be Adversely Affected by New State and Local Laws and Regulations. We are subject to state and local laws, regulations and ordinances at locations where we operate and to the rules and regulations of various local authorities regarding a wide variety of matters that could affect, directly or indirectly, our operations. We cannot predict what matters might be considered in the future by these state and local authorities, nor can we judge what impact, if any, the implementation of new legislation might have on our business. Changes in U.S. Accounting Standards May Materially and Adversely Affect Our Reported Results of Operations. Accounting for public companies in the United States is in accordance with GAAP, which is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. Uncertainties posed by various initiatives of accounting standard-setting by the FASB and the SEC, which create and interpret applicable accounting standards for U.S. companies, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could have a material impact on our reported financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in potentially material restatements of prior period financial statements. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financings Insufficient Cash Flow Could Affect Our Debt Financing and Create Refinancing Risk. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our operating income and cash flow will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest, or could restrict our borrowing capacity under our line of credit due to debt covenant restraints. Sufficient cash flow may not be available to make all required principal payments and still satisfy UDR’s distribution requirements to maintain its status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In addition, the full limits of our line of credit may not be available to us if our operating performance falls outside the constraints of our debt covenants. We are also likely to need to refinance substantially all of our outstanding debt as it matures. We may not be able to refinance existing debt, or the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of the existing debt, which could create pressures to sell assets or to issue additional equity when we would otherwise not choose to do so. In addition, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a requirement to repay our indebtedness prior to its maturity, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow, increase our financing costs and impact our ability to make distributions to UDR’s stockholders. Failure to Generate Sufficient Revenue Could Impair Debt Service Payments and Distributions to Stockholders. If our apartment communities do not generate sufficient net rental income to meet rental expenses, our ability to make required payments of interest and principal on our debt securities and to pay distributions to UDR’s stockholders will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may affect the net rental income generated by our apartment communities: 93 Table of Contents Expenses associated with our investment in an apartment community, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from that community. If a community is mortgaged to secure payment of debt and we are unable to make the mortgage payments, we could sustain a loss as a result of foreclosure on the community or the exercise of other remedies by the mortgage holder. Our Debt Level May Be Increased. Our current debt policy does not contain any limitations on the level of debt that we may incur, although our ability to incur debt is limited by covenants in our bank and other credit agreements. We manage our debt to be in compliance with these debt covenants, but subject to compliance with these covenants, we may increase the amount of our debt at any time without a concurrent improvement in our ability to service the additional debt. Financing May Not Be Available and Could Be Dilutive. Our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt financing, including unsecured lines of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured debt, and equity financing, including common and preferred equity. We and other companies in the real estate industry have experienced limited availability of financing from time to time. If we issue additional equity securities to finance developments and acquisitions instead of incurring debt, the interests of our existing stockholders could be diluted. Failure To Maintain Our Current Credit Ratings Could Adversely Affect Our Cost of Funds, Related Margins, Liquidity, and Access to Capital Markets. Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s, the major debt rating agencies, routinely evaluate our debt and have given us ratings on our senior unsecured debt and preferred stock. These ratings are based on a number of factors, which included their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings. Due to changes in these factors and market conditions, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, and access to capital markets. Disruptions in Financial Markets May Adversely Impact Availability and Cost of Credit and Have Other Adverse Effects on Us and the Market Price of UDR ’ s Stock. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance debt obligations will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. During the global financial crisis and the economic recession that followed it, the United States stock and credit markets experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which caused market prices of many stocks to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on debt financings to widen considerably. Those circumstances materially impacted liquidity in the financial markets at times, making terms for certain financings less attractive, and in some cases resulted in the unavailability of financing. Any future disruptions or uncertainty in the stock and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to refinance existing indebtedness and access additional financing for acquisitions, development of our properties and other purposes at reasonable terms or at all, which may negatively affect our business and the market price of UDR’s common stock. If we are not successful in refinancing our existing indebtedness when it becomes due, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms, which might adversely affect our ability to service other debt and to meet our other obligations. A prolonged downturn in the financial markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. These events also may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of UDR’s common or preferred stock. 94 Table of Contents A Change in U.S. Government Policy Regarding Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Business. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are a major source of financing for secured multifamily rental real estate. We and other multifamily companies depend heavily on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to finance growth by purchasing or guaranteeing apartment loans. In September 2008, the U.S. government assumed control of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and placed both companies into a government conservatorship under the Federal Housing Finance Agency. The Administration and lawmakers have proposed potential options for the future of mortgage finance in the U.S. that could involve the phase out of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. While we believe Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will continue to provide liquidity to our sector, should they discontinue doing so, have their mandates changed or reduced or be disbanded or reorganized by the government, it would significantly reduce our access to debt capital and adversely affect our ability to finance or refinance existing indebtedness at competitive rates and it may adversely affect our ability to sell assets. Uncertainty in the future activity and involvement of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as a source of financing could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions and make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. The Soundness of Financial Institutions Could Adversely Affect Us. We have relationships with many financial institutions, including lenders under our credit facilities, and, from time to time, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, could result in losses or defaults by these institutions. In the event that the volatility of the financial markets adversely affects these financial institutions or counterparties, we or other parties to the transactions with us may be unable to complete transactions as intended, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Changing Interest Rates Could Increase Interest Costs and Adversely Affect Our Cash Flow and the Market Price of Our Securities. We currently have, and expect to incur in the future, interest-bearing debt at rates that vary with market interest rates. As of September 30, 2016 , UDR had approximately $657.6 million of variable rate indebtedness outstanding, which constitutes approximately 18.5% of total outstanding indebtedness as of such date. As of September 30, 2016 , the Operating Partnership had approximately $190.6 million of variable rate indebtedness outstanding, which constitutes approximately 43.8% of total outstanding indebtedness to third parties as of such date. An increase in interest rates would increase our interest expenses and increase the costs of refinancing existing indebtedness and of issuing new debt. Accordingly, higher interest rates could adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service our debt and to make distributions to security holders. The effect of prolonged interest rate increases could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions and develop properties. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead our security holders to demand a higher annual yield, which could adversely affect the market price of UDR’s common and preferred stock and debt securities. Interest Rate Hedging Contracts May Be Ineffective and May Result in Material Charges. From time to time when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates during the period prior to the pricing of the securities by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. We may do this to increase the predictability of our financing costs. Also, from time to time we may rely on interest rate hedging contracts to limit our exposure under variable rate debt to unfavorable changes in market interest rates. If the terms of new debt securities are not within the parameters of, or market interest rates fall below that which we incur under a particular interest rate hedging contract, the contract is ineffective. Furthermore, the settlement of interest rate hedging contracts has involved and may in the future involve material charges. In addition, our use of interest rate hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 95 Table of Contents Risks Related to Tax Laws We Would Incur Adverse Tax Consequences if UDR Failed to Qualify as a REIT. UDR has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code. Our qualification as a REIT requires us to satisfy numerous requirements, some on an annual and quarterly basis, established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. We intend that our current organization and method of operation enable us to continue to qualify as a REIT, but we may not so qualify or we may not be able to remain so qualified in the future. In addition, U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs and other corporations and the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended at any time, potentially with retroactive effect. Future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or adversely affect UDR’s stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to UDR’s stockholders in computing our taxable income. Also, unless the Internal Revenue Service granted us relief under certain statutory provisions, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we first failed to qualify as a REIT. The additional tax liability from the failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce or eliminate the amount of cash available for investment or distribution to UDR’s stockholders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities and our ability to raise additional capital. In addition, we would no longer be required to make distributions to UDR’s stockholders. Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. Certain of our subsidiaries have also elected to be taxed as REITs under the Code, and are therefore subject to the same risks in the event that any such subsidiary fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year. Dividends Paid By REITs Generally Do Not Qualify for Reduced Tax Rates. In general, the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for dividends paid to individual U.S. stockholders is 20%. Unlike dividends received from a corporation that is not a REIT, our distributions to individual stockholders generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. UDR May Conduct a Portion of Our Business Through Taxable REIT Subsidiaries, Which are Subject to Certain Tax Risks. We have established several taxable REIT subsidiaries. Despite UDR’s qualification as a REIT, its taxable REIT subsidiaries must pay income tax on their taxable income. In addition, we must comply with various tests to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and our income from and investments in our taxable REIT subsidiaries generally do not constitute permissible income and investments for these tests. While we will attempt to ensure that our dealings with our taxable REIT subsidiaries will not adversely affect our REIT qualification, we cannot provide assurance that we will successfully achieve that result. Furthermore, we may be subject to a 100% penalty tax, we may jeopardize our ability to retain future gains on real property sales, or our taxable REIT subsidiaries may be denied deductions, to the extent our dealings with our taxable REIT subsidiaries are not deemed to be arm’s length in nature or are otherwise not respected. REIT Distribution Requirements Limit Our Available Cash. As a REIT, UDR is subject to annual distribution requirements, which limit the amount of cash we retain for other business purposes, including amounts to fund our growth. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our net REIT taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for our distributed earnings not to be subject to corporate income tax. We intend to make distributions to UDR’s stockholders to comply with the requirements of the Code. However, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis to meet the 90% distribution requirement of the Code. Certain Property Transfers May Generate Prohibited Transaction Income, Resulting in a Penalty Tax on Gain Attributable to the Transaction. From time to time, we may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties. Under the Code, any gain resulting from transfers of properties that we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business would be treated as income from a prohibited transaction and subject to a 100% penalty tax. Since we acquire properties for investment purposes, we do not believe that our occasional transfers or disposals of property are prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question of fact that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The Internal Revenue Service may contend that certain transfers or disposals of properties by us are prohibited transactions. If the Internal Revenue Service were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property constituted a prohibited transaction, then we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction and we may jeopardize our ability to retain future gains on real property 96 Table of Contents sales. In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect UDR’s ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We Could Face Possible State and Local Tax Audits and Adverse Changes in State and Local Tax Laws. As discussed in the risk factors above, because UDR is organized and qualifies as a REIT, it is generally not subject to federal income taxes, but it is subject to certain state and local taxes. From time to time, changes in state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an increase in our tax liability. A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we own apartment communities may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of such changes. If such changes occur, we may be required to pay additional state and local taxes. These increased tax costs could adversely affect our financial condition and the amount of cash available for the payment of distributions to UDR’s stockholders. In the normal course of business, entities through which we own real estate may also become subject to tax audits. If such entities become subject to state or local tax audits, the ultimate result of such audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. The Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership Intend to Qualify as Partnerships, But Cannot Guarantee That They Will Qualify. The Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership intend to qualify as partnerships for federal income tax purposes, and intend to take that position for all income tax reporting purposes. If classified as partnerships, the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership generally will not be taxable entities and will not incur federal income tax liability. However, the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership would be treated as corporations for federal income tax purposes if they were “publicly traded partnerships,” unless at least 90% of their income was qualifying income as defined in the Code. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership whose partnership interests are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). Although neither the Operating Partnership’s nor the DownREIT Partnership’s partnership units are traded on an established securities market, because of the redemption rights of their limited partners, the Operating Partnership’s and DownREIT Partnership’s units held by limited partners could be viewed as readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), and the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership may not qualify for one of the “safe harbors” under the applicable tax regulations. Qualifying income for the 90% test generally includes passive income, such as real property rents, dividends and interest. The income requirements applicable to REITs and the definition of qualifying income for purposes of this 90% test are similar in most respects. The Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership may not meet this qualifying income test. If the Operating Partnership or the DownREIT Partnership were to be taxed as a corporation, they would incur substantial tax liabilities, and UDR would then fail to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, unless it qualified for relief under certain statutory savings provisions, and our ability to raise additional capital would be impaired. Qualifying as a REIT Involves Highly Technical and Complex Provisions of the Code. Our qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Moreover, new legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the REIT income and asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals, and upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Risks Related to Our Organization and Ownership of UDR’s Stock Changes in Market Conditions and Volatility of Stock Prices Could Adversely Affect the Market Price of UDR ’ s Common Stock. The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), on which we list UDR’s common stock, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. As a result, the market price of UDR’s common stock could be similarly volatile, and investors in UDR’s common stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. In addition to the risks listed in this “Risk Factors” section, a number of factors could negatively affect the price per share of UDR’s common stock, including: 97 Table of Contents Many of the factors listed above are beyond our control. These factors may cause the market price of shares of UDR’s common stock to decline, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations, business or our prospects. We May Change the Dividend Policy for UDR ’ s Common Stock in the Future. The decision to declare and pay dividends on UDR’s common stock, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, funds from operations, liquidity, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under our indebtedness, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, state law and such other factors as our board of directors considers relevant. Any change in our dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of UDR’s common stock. Maryland Law May Limit the Ability of a Third Party to Acquire Control of Us, Which May Not be in UDR ’ s Stockholders ’ Best Interests. Maryland business statutes may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us. As a Maryland corporation, we are subject to various Maryland laws which may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire our Company and of increasing the difficulty of consummating any such offers, even if our acquisition would be in UDR’s stockholders’ best interests. The Maryland General Corporation Law restricts mergers and other business combination transactions between us and any person who acquires beneficial ownership of shares of UDR’s stock representing 10% or more of the voting power without our board of directors’ prior approval. Any such business combination transaction could not be completed until five years after the person acquired such voting power, and generally only with the approval of stockholders 98 Table of Contents representing 80% of all votes entitled to be cast and 66 2/3 % of the votes entitled to be cast, excluding the interested stockholder, or upon payment of a fair price. Maryland law also provides generally that a person who acquires shares of our equity stock that represents 10% (and certain higher levels) of the voting power in electing directors will have no voting rights unless approved by a vote of two-thirds of the shares eligible to vote. Limitations on Share Ownership and Limitations on the Ability of UDR ’ s Stockholders to Effect a Change in Control of Our Company Restricts the Transferability of UDR ’ s Stock and May Prevent Takeovers That are Beneficial to UDR ’ s Stockholders. One of the requirements for maintenance of our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes is that no more than 50% in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned by five or fewer individuals, including entities specified in the Code, during the last half of any taxable year. Our charter contains ownership and transfer restrictions relating to UDR’s stock primarily to assist us in complying with this and other REIT ownership requirements; however, the restrictions may have the effect of preventing a change of control, which does not threaten REIT status. These restrictions include a provision that generally limits ownership by any person of more than 9.9% of the value of our outstanding equity stock, unless our board of directors exempts the person from such ownership limitation, provided that any such exemption shall not allow the person to exceed 13% of the value of our outstanding equity stock. Absent such an exemption from our board of directors, the transfer of UDR’s stock to any person in excess of the applicable ownership limit, or any transfer of shares of such stock in violation of the ownership requirements of the Code for REITs, will be considered null and void, and the intended transferee of such stock will acquire no rights in such shares. These provisions of our charter may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing someone from taking control of us, even though a change of control might involve a premium price for UDR’s stockholders or might otherwise be in UDR’s stockholders’ best interests. 99 Table of Contents Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities From time to time the Company issues shares of the Company’s common stock in exchange for operating partnership units (“OP Units”) tendered to the Operating Partnership for redemption in accordance with the provisions of the Operating Partnership’s limited partnership agreement. The holders of OP Units have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their OP Units in exchange for a cash payment based on the market value of our common stock at the time of redemption. However, the Operating Partnership’s obligation to pay the cash amount is subject to the prior right of the Company to acquire such OP Units in exchange for either the cash amount or the number of shares of the Company’s common stock equal to the number of OP Units being redeemed. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 , we did not issue any shares of our common stock upon redemption of OP Units. Repurchase of Equity Securities In February 2006, UDR’s Board of Directors authorized a 10 million share repurchase program. In January 2008, our Board of Directors authorized a new 15 million share repurchase program. Under the two share repurchase programs, UDR may repurchase shares of our common stock in open market purchases, block purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. As reflected in the table below, no shares of common stock were repurchased under these programs during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 . Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. Item 6. EXHIBITS The exhibits filed or furnished with this Report are set forth in the Exhibit Index. 100 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each of the registrants has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 101 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX 102 Table of Contents 103