8-K 1 d131747d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2016 Welltower Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (419) 247-2800 Health Care REIT, Inc. (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On January 29, 2016, the Board of Directors of Welltower Inc. (the “Company”) appointed Kenneth J. Bacon as a member of the Board of Directors, which increased the size of the Board of Directors from nine to ten directors. Mr. Bacon will be a member of the Investment and Planning Committees. Mr. Bacon will be compensated for his service as a director on the same basis as other non-employee directors of the Company. Compensation for the Company’s non-employee directors is described in the Company’s Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2015. In connection with the appointment, the Company will enter into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Bacon. The agreement will be substantially identical to the agreements previously entered into between the Company and its other directors and will generally provide that the Company will, in certain circumstances, indemnify Mr. Bacon against any and all expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement arising out of his service to the Company. Also, the agreement will provide for the advancement of expenses in connection with a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding. On February 1, 2016, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Bacon to the Board of Directors. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated in this Item 7.01 by reference. The information contained in, or incorporated into, Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to such filing. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: February 2, 2016 Exhibit Index