8-K false 0000766704 0000766704 2022-04-04 2022-04-04 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 4, 2022 Welltower Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (419) 247-2800 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ DownREIT and DownREIT II Prospectus Supplements On April 4, 2022, in connection with the previously announced corporate reorganization, Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a new automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264093) (the “New Registration Statement”), to replace the existing automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255766) filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021 (the “Prior Registration Statement”). In connection with the filing of the New Registration Statement, the Company also filed with the SEC two prospectus supplements (the “DownREIT Prospectus Supplements”) to the prospectus dated April 1, 2022, which was included in the New Registration Statement. The DownREIT Prospectus Supplements will continue offerings that were previously covered by prospectus supplements and the accompanying prospectus to the Prior Registration Statement relating to: (i) the registration and possible issuance of up to 620,731 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Common Stock”), par value $1.00 per share (the “DownREIT Shares”), that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A units (the “DownREIT Units”) of HCN G&L DownREIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “DownREIT”), tender such DownREIT Units for redemption by the DownREIT, and HCN DownREIT Member, LLC, a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company (including its permitted successors and assigns, the “Managing Member”), or a designated affiliate of the Managing Member, elects to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount; and (ii) the registration and possible issuance of up to 475,327 shares Common Stock (the “DownREIT II Shares”), that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A units (the “DownREIT II Units,” and collectively with the DownREIT Units, the “Units”) of HCN G&L DownREIT II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “DownREIT II”), tender such DownREIT II Units for redemption by the DownREIT II, and the Managing Member, or a designated affiliate of the Managing Member, elects to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT II and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT II Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. Registration of the DownREIT Shares and the DownREIT II Shares as provided in the DownREIT Prospectus Supplements does not necessarily mean that any of the holders of Units will exercise their redemption rights with respect to the Units or that the Managing Member will elect to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT and the DownREIT II and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT Shares and DownREIT II Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. At-the-Market Offering On April 4, 2022, the Company entered into a second amended and restated equity distribution agreements (the “Equity Distribution Agreement”) with Welltower OP Inc. and (i) Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., BOK Financial Securities, Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Comerica Securities, Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jefferies LLC, JMP Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Synovus Securities, Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as sales agents (when acting in this capacity, individually, a “Sales Agent” and, collectively, the “Sales Agents”) and forward sellers (when a sales agent is acting in this capacity, individually, a “Forward Seller” and, collectively, the “Forward Sellers”) and (ii) the Forward Purchasers (as defined below) relating to issuances, offers and sales of shares of Common Stock. In accordance with the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, up to $3,000,000,000 of Common Stock (the “ATM Shares”) may be offered and sold from time to time through any of the Sales Agents (acting in their capacity as sales agents or as Forward Sellers, as described below). The Equity Distribution Agreement provides that, in addition to the issuance and sale of the ATM Shares by the Company through the Sales Agents, the Company may enter into forward sale agreements under separate master forward sale confirmations with the Sales Agents (or affiliates thereof) (the “Forward Purchasers”). In connection with each particular forward sale agreement, the relevant Forward Purchaser or its affiliates will, at the Company’s request, borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of the ATM Shares equal to the number of ATM Shares underlying the particular forward sale agreement. In no event will the aggregate number of Shares sold through the Sales Agents, whether as an agent for the Company or as a Forward Seller, under the Equity Distribution Agreement and any forward sale agreements, have an aggregate sales price in excess of $3,000,000,000. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of borrowed shares of Common Stock by a Forward Seller. The Company expects to physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by the Company on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case the Company would expect to receive per share cash proceeds at settlement equal to the forward sale price under the relevant forward sale agreement. However, the Company may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case the Company may not receive any proceeds (in the case of cash settlement) or will not receive any proceeds (in the case of net share settlement), and the Company may owe cash (in the case of cash settlement) or shares of Common Stock (in the case of net share settlement) to the relevant Forward Purchaser. Sales of the ATM Shares, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the New York Stock Exchange at market prices, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed with the applicable Sales Agent, or by means of any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or to or through a market maker other than on an exchange. The offer and sale of the ATM Shares has been registered on the New Registration Statement pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022. The foregoing description of certain terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement and the forward sale agreements (the form of which is attached as Schedule C to the Equity Distribution Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreement and the form of forward sale agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1, and are incorporated by reference herein. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 4, 2022