10-K 1 10-K.htm 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 Commission File No. 1-8923 WELLTOWER INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (419) 247-2800 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☑ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ☑ No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. R Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☑ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company o Emerging growth company o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☑ The aggregate market value of the shares of voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price of such shares on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $27,562,002,967. As of January 31, 2018, the registrant had 371,669,527 shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the annual stockholders’ meeting to be held May 3, 2018, are incorporated by reference into Part III. WELLTOWER INC. 2017 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business General Welltower Inc. (NYSE:WELL), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people’s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower TM , a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. More information is available on the Internet at www.welltower.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location. References herein to “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” refer to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries unless specifically noted otherwise. Portfolio of Properties Please see “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Executive Summary – Company Overview” for a table that summarizes our portfolio as of December 31, 2017. Property Types We invest in seniors housing and health care real estate and evaluate our business on three reportable segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. For additional information regarding our segments, please see Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of our various property types. Triple-Net Our triple-net properties include independent living facilities and independent supportive living facilities (Canada), continuing care retirement communities, assisted living facilities, care homes with and without nursing (U.K.), Alzheimer’s/dementia care facilities and long-term/post-acute care facilities. We invest primarily through acquisitions, development and joint venture partnerships. Our properties are primarily leased to operators under long-term, triple-net master leases that obligate the tenant to pay all operating costs, utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, building repairs, maintenance costs and all obligations under certain ground leases. We are not involved in property management. Our properties include stand-alone facilities that provide one level of service, combination facilities that provide multiple levels of service, and communities or campuses that provide a wide range of services. Independent Living Facilities and Independent Supportive Living Facilities (Canada). Independent living facilities and independent supportive living facilities are age-restricted, multifamily properties with central dining facilities that provide residents access to meals and other services such as housekeeping, linen service, transportation and social and recreational activities. Continuing Care Retirement Communities. Continuing care retirement communities typically include a combination of detached homes, an independent living facility, an assisted living facility and/or a long-term/post-acute care facility on one campus. These communities appeal to residents because there is no need to relocate when health and medical needs change. Resident payment plans vary, but can include entrance fees, condominium fees and rental fees. Many of these communities also charge monthly maintenance fees in exchange for a living unit, meals and some health services. Assisted Living Facilities . Assisted living facilities are state regulated rental properties that provide the same services as independent living facilities, but also provide supportive care from trained employees to residents who require assistance with activities of daily living, including, but not limited to, management of medications, bathing, dressing, toileting, ambulating and eating. 2 Care Homes with or without Nursing (U.K.) . Care homes without nursing, regulated by the Care Quality Commission (CQC”), are rental properties that provide essentially the same services as U.S. assisted living facilities. Care homes with nursing, also regulated by the CQC, are licensed daily rate or rental properties where the majority of individuals require 24-hour nursing and/or medical care. Generally, these properties are licensed for various national and local reimbursement programs. Unlike the U.S., care homes with nursing in the U.K. generally do not provide post-acute care. Alzheimer’s/Dementia Care Facilities. Certain assisted living facilities may include state-licensed settings that specialize in caring for those afflicted with Alzheimer’s disease and/or other types of dementia. Long-Term/Post-Acute Care Facilities . Our long-term/post-acute care facilities generally include skilled nursing/post-acute care facilities, inpatient rehabilitation facilities and long-term acute care facilities. Skilled nursing/post-acute care facilities are licensed daily rate or rental properties where the majority of individuals require 24-hour nursing and/or medical care. Generally, these properties are licensed for Medicaid and/or Medicare reimbursement in the U.S. or provincial reimbursement in Canada. All facilities offer some level of rehabilitation services. Some facilities focus on higher acuity patients and offer rehabilitation units specializing in cardiac, orthopedic, dialysis, neurological or pulmonary rehabilitation. Inpatient rehabilitation facilities provide inpatient services for patients with intensive rehabilitation needs. Long-term acute care facilities provide inpatient services for patients with complex medical conditions that require more intensive care, monitoring or emergency support than is available in most skilled nursing/post-acute care facilities. Our triple-net segment accounted for 22%, 28% and 31% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2017, our revenues related to our relationship with Genesis HealthCare (“Genesis”) accounted for approximately 20% of our triple-net segment revenues and 4% of our total revenues. As of December 31, 2017, our relationship with Genesis was comprised of a master lease for 86 properties owned 100% by us, three real estate loans totaling approximately $267 million, approximately 9.5 million shares of GEN Series A common stock (representing approximately 6% of total GEN common stock) and a 25% ownership stake in an unconsolidated joint venture that includes a master lease for 28 properties operated by Genesis . In addition to rent, the master lease requires Genesis to pay all operating costs, utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, building repairs, maintenance costs and all obligations under certain ground leases. All obligations under the master lease have been guaranteed by FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC, a subsidiary of Genesis. Please see Notes 6 and 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Seniors Housing Operating Our seniors housing operating properties include several of the facility types described in “Item 1 – Business – Property Types – Triple-Net”, including independent living facilities and independent supportive living facilities, assisted living facilities, care homes and Alzheimer’s/dementia care facilities. Properties are primarily held in joint venture entities with operating partners. We utilize the structure proposed in the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007, which is commonly referred to as a “RIDEA” structure (the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code authorizing the RIDEA structure were enacted as part of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008). See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. Our seniors housing operating segment accounted for 65%, 59% and 56% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, we had relationships with 17 operators to manage our seniors housing operating properties. In each instance, our partner provides management services to the properties pursuant to an incentive-based management contract. We rely on our partners to effectively and efficiently manage these properties. For the year ended December 31, 2017, our relationship with Sunrise Senior Living accounted for approximately 37% of our seniors housing operating segment revenues and 24% of our total revenues. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Outpatient Medical Outpatient Medical Buildings . The outpatient medical building portfolio consists of health care related buildings that generally include physician offices, ambulatory surgery centers, diagnostic facilities, outpatient services and/or labs. Our portfolio has a strong affiliation with health systems. Approximately 95% of our outpatient medical building portfolio is affiliated with health systems (with buildings on hospital campuses or serving as satellite locations for the health system and its physicians). We typically lease our outpatient medical buildings to multiple tenants and provide varying levels of property management. Our outpatient medical segment accounted for 13% of total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. No single tenant exceeds 20% of segment revenues. Investments We invest in seniors housing and health care real estate primarily through acquisitions, developments and joint venture partnerships. For additional information regarding acquisition and development activity, please see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. We seek to diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location. In determining whether to invest in a property, we focus on the following: (1) the experience of the obligor’s/partner’s management 3 team; (2) the historical and projected financial and operational performance of the property; (3) the credit of the obligor/partner; (4) the security for any lease or loan; (5) the real estate attributes of the building and its location; (6) the capital committed to the property by the obligor/partner; and (7) the operating fundamentals of the applicable industry. We monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of, among other things, tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. Investment Types Real Property. Our properties are primarily comprised of land, buildings, improvements and related rights. Our triple-net properties are generally leased to operators under long-term operating leases. The leases generally have a fixed contractual term of 12 to 15 years and contain one or more five to 15-year renewal options. Certain of our leases also contain purchase options, a portion of which could result in the disposition of properties for less than full market value. Most of our rents are received under triple-net leases requiring the operator to pay rent and all additional charges incurred in the operation of the leased property. The tenants are required to repair, rebuild and maintain the leased properties. Substantially all of these operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. At December 31, 2017, approximately 92% of our triple-net properties were subject to master leases. A master lease is a lease of multiple properties to one tenant entity under a single lease agreement. From time to time, we may acquire additional properties that are then leased to the tenant under the master lease. The tenant is required to make one monthly payment that represents rent on all the properties that are subject to the master lease. Typically, the master lease tenant can exercise its right to purchase the properties or to renew the master lease only with respect to all leased properties at the same time. This bundling feature benefits us because the tenant cannot limit the purchase or renewal to the better performing properties and terminate the leasing arrangement with respect to the poorer performing properties. This spreads our risk among the entire group of properties within the master lease. The bundling feature should provide a similar advantage to us if the master lease tenant is in bankruptcy. Subject to certain restrictions, a debtor in bankruptcy has the right to assume or reject its unexpired leases and executory contracts. In the context of integrated master leases such as ours, our tenants in bankruptcy would be required to assume or reject the master lease as a whole, rather than deciding on a property by property basis. Our outpatient medical portfolio is primarily self-managed and consists principally of multi-tenant properties leased to health care providers. Our leases typically include increasers and some form of operating expense reimbursement by the tenant. As of December 31, 2017, 80% of our portfolio included leases with full pass through, 19% with a partial expense reimbursement (modified gross) and 1% with no expense reimbursement (gross). Our outpatient medical leases are non-cancellable operating leases that have a weighted-average remaining term of seven years at December 31, 2017 and are often credit enhanced by security deposits, guaranties and/or letters of credit. Construction. We provide for the construction of properties for tenants primarily as part of long-term operating leases. We capitalize certain interest costs associated with funds used for the construction of properties owned by us. The amount capitalized is based upon the amount advanced during the construction period using the rate of interest that approximates our Company-wide cost of financing. Our interest expense is reduced by the amount capitalized. We also typically charge a transaction fee at the commencement of construction which we defer and amortize to income over the term of the resulting lease. The construction period commences upon funding and terminates upon the earlier of the completion of the applicable property or the end of a specified period. During the construction period, we advance funds to the tenants in accordance with agreed upon terms and conditions which require, among other things, periodic site visits by a Company representative. During the construction period, we generally require an additional credit enhancement in the form of payment and performance bonds and/or completion guaranties. At December 31, 2017, we had outstanding construction investments of $237,746,000 and were committed to provide additional funds of approximately $429,815,000 to complete construction for investment properties. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. We also provide for construction loans which, depending on the terms and conditions, could be treated as loans, real property, or investments in unconsolidated entities. Real Estate Loans. Our real estate loans are typically structured to provide us with interest income, principal amortization and transaction fees and are generally secured by first/second mortgage liens, leasehold mortgages, corporate guaranties and/or personal guaranties. At December 31, 2017, we had gross outstanding real estate loans of $495,871,000. The interest yield averaged approximately 9.2% per annum on our outstanding real estate loan balances. Our yield on real estate loans depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate adjustments. The real estate loans outstanding at December 31, 2017 are generally subject to one to 15-year terms with principal amortization schedules and/or balloon payments of the outstanding principal balances at the end of the term. Typically, real estate loans are cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 4 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities . Investments in entities that we do not consolidate but have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are reported under the equity method of accounting. Our investments in unconsolidated entities generally represent interests ranging from 10% to 50% in real estate assets. Under the equity method of accounting, our share of the investee’s earnings or losses is included in our consolidated results of operations. To the extent that our cost basis is different from the basis reflected at the entity level, the basis difference is generally amortized over the lives of the related assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in our share of equity in earnings of the entity. The initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities is based on the amount paid to purchase the entity interest or the estimated fair value of the assets prior to the sale of interests in the entity. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value of the equity method investment to its carrying value. When we determine a decline in the estimated fair value of such an investment below its carrying value is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements are in conformity with U.S general accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint venture entities that we control, through voting rights or other means. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. At inception of joint venture transactions, we identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights (“variable interest entities” or “VIEs”) and determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of its operations. A VIE is broadly defined as an entity where either (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do not have a controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. We consolidate investments in VIEs when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, Consolidations, requires enterprises to perform a qualitative approach to determining whether or not a VIE will need to be consolidated. This evaluation is based on an enterprise’s ability to direct and influence the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact that entity’s economic performance. For investments in joint ventures, U.S. GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). We assess the limited partners’ rights and their impact on our consolidation conclusions, and we reassess if there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We similarly evaluate the rights of managing members of limited liability companies. Borrowing Policies We utilize a combination of debt and equity to fund investments. Our debt and equity levels are determined by management to maintain a conservative balance sheet and credit profile. Generally, we intend to issue unsecured, fixed-rate public debt with long-term maturities to approximate the maturities on our triple-net leases and investment strategy. For short-term purposes, we may borrow on our primary unsecured credit facility. We replace these borrowings with long-term capital such as senior unsecured notes or common stock. When terms are deemed favorable, we may invest in properties subject to existing mortgage indebtedness. In addition, we may obtain secured financing for unleveraged properties in which we have invested or may refinance properties acquired on a leveraged basis. In certain agreements with our lenders, we are subject to restrictions with respect to secured and unsecured indebtedness. Competition We compete with other real estate investment trusts, real estate partnerships, private equity and hedge fund investors, banks, insurance companies, finance/investment companies, government-sponsored agencies, taxable and tax-exempt bond funds, health care operators, developers and other investors in the acquisition, development, leasing and financing of health care and seniors housing properties. We compete for investments based on a number of factors including relationships, certainty of execution, investment structures and underwriting criteria. Our ability to successfully compete is impacted by economic and demographic trends, availability of acceptable investment opportunities, our ability to negotiate beneficial investment terms, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, and applicable laws and regulations. The operators/tenants of our properties compete with properties that provide comparable services in the local markets. Operators/tenants compete for patients and residents based on a number of factors including quality of care, reputation, physical appearance of properties, location, services offered, family preferences, physicians, staff, and price. We also face competition from other health care facilities for tenants, such as physicians and other health care providers that provide comparable facilities and services. For additional information on the risks associated with our business, please see “Item 1A — Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employees As of January 31, 2018, we had 392 employees. 5 Credit Concentrations Please see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. Geographic Concentrations Please see “Item 2 – Properties” below and Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements. Health Care Industry The demand for health care services, and consequently health care properties, is projected to reach unprecedented levels in the near future. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) projects that national health expenditures will rise to approximately $3.7 trillion in 2018 or 18.5% of gross domestic product. The average annual growth in national health expenditures for 2015 through 2025 is expected to be 5.8%. While demographics are the primary driver of demand, economic conditions and availability of services contribute to health care service utilization rates. We believe the health care property market may be less susceptible to fluctuations and economic downturns relative to other property sectors. Investor interest in the market remains strong, especially in specific sectors such as private-pay seniors housing and outpatient medical buildings. The total U.S. population for 2015 through 2025 is projected to increase by 9.3%. The elderly population aged 65 and over is projected to increase by 36% through 2025. The elderly are an important component of health care utilization, especially independent living services, assisted living services, long-term/post-acute care services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services and physician ambulatory care. Most health care services are provided within a health care facility such as a hospital, a physician’s office or a seniors housing community. Therefore, we believe there will be continued demand for companies, such as ours, with expertise in health care real estate. Health care real estate investment opportunities tend to increase as demand for health care services increases. We recognize the need for health care real estate as it correlates to health care service demand. Health care providers require real estate to house their businesses and expand their services. We believe that investment opportunities in health care real estate will continue to be present due to: · The specialized nature of the industry, which enhances the credibility and experience of the Company; · The projected population growth combined with stable or increasing health care utilization rates, which ensures demand; and · The on-going merger and acquisition activity. Certain Government Regulations United States Health Law Matters — Generally Typically, operators of seniors housing facilities do not receive significant funding from government programs and are largely subject to state laws, as opposed to federal laws. Operators of long-term/post-acute care facilities and hospitals do receive significant funding from government programs, and these facilities are subject to extensive regulation, including federal and state laws covering the type and quality of medical and/or nursing care provided, ancillary services ( e.g ., respiratory, occupational, physical and infusion therapies), qualifications of the administrative personnel and nursing staff, the adequacy of the physical plant and equipment, reimbursement and rate setting and operating policies. In addition, as described below, operators of these facilities are subject to extensive laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including, but not limited to, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”), the federal Stark Law (“Stark Law”), and the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), as well as comparable state laws. Hospitals, physician group practice clinics, and other health care providers that operate in our portfolio are subject to extensive federal, state, and local licensure, registration, certification, and inspection laws, regulations, and industry standards. Our tenants’ failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in, among other things: loss of accreditation; denial of reimbursement; imposition of fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal and state health care programs; loss of license; or closure of the facility. See risk factors “The requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs, such as Medicare or Medicaid, could have a material adverse effect on our obligors’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect our obligors’ ability to meet their obligations to us” and “Our operators’ or tenants’ failure to comply with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators’ or tenants’ operations, which could adversely affect our operators’ and tenants’ ability to meet their obligations to us” in “Item 1A – Risk Factors” below. Licensing and Certification The primary regulations that affect long-term and post-acute care facilities are state licensing and registration laws. For example, certain health care facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and certificate of need (“CON”) laws and regulations. Where applicable, CON laws generally require, among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the need for (1) constructing a new facility, (2) adding beds or expanding an existing facility, (3) investing in major capital equipment or adding new services, (4) changing the ownership or control of an existing licensed facility, or (5) terminating services that have been previously approved through the CON process. Certain state CON laws and regulations may restrict the ability of operators to add new properties or 6 expand an existing facility’s size or services. In addition, CON laws may constrain the ability of an operator to transfer responsibility for operating a particular facility to a new operator. With respect to licensure, generally our long-term/post-acute care facilities are required to be licensed and certified for participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and state health care programs. The failure of our operators to maintain or renew any required license or regulatory approval as well as the failure of our operators to correct serious deficiencies identified in a compliance survey could require those operators to discontinue operations at a property. In addition, if a property is found to be out of compliance with Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal or state health care program conditions of participation, the property operator may be excluded from participating in those government health care programs. Reimbursement The reimbursement methodologies applied to health care facilities continue to evolve. Federal and state authorities have considered and may seek to implement new or modified reimbursement methodologies, including value-based reimbursement methodologies that may negatively impact health care property operations. The impact of any such changes, if implemented, may result in a material adverse effect on our portfolio. No assurance can be given that current revenue sources or levels will be maintained. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that payments under a government health care program are currently, or will be in the future, sufficient to fully reimburse the property operators for their operating and capital expenses. · Seniors Housing Facilities. Approximately 60% of our overall revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017 were attributable to U.S. seniors housing facilities. The majority of the revenues received by the operators of these facilities are from private pay sources. The remaining revenue source is primarily Medicaid provided under state waiver programs for home and community based care. As of September 30, 2017, 14 of our 43 seniors housing operators received Medicaid reimbursement pursuant to Medicaid waiver programs. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2017, approximately 1.2% of the revenues at our seniors housing facilities were from Medicaid reimbursement. There can be no guarantee that a state Medicaid program operating pursuant to a waiver will be able to maintain its waiver status. Rates paid by self-pay residents are set by the facilities and are determined by local market conditions and operating costs. Generally, facilities receive a higher payment per day for a private pay resident than for a Medicaid beneficiary who requires a comparable level of care. The level of Medicaid reimbursement varies from state to state. Thus, the revenues generated by operators of our assisted living facilities may be adversely affected by payor mix, acuity level, changes in Medicaid eligibility, and reimbursement levels. In addition, a state could lose its Medicaid waiver and no longer be permitted to utilize Medicaid dollars to reimburse for assisted living services. · Long-Term/Post-Acute Care Facilities . Approximately 8% of our overall revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017 were attributable to U.S. long-term/post-acute care facilities. The majority of the revenues received by the operators of these facilities are from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with the balance representing reimbursement payments from private payors. Consequently, changes in federal or state reimbursement policies may adversely affect an operator’s ability to cover its expenses, including our rent or debt service. Long-term/post-acute care facilities are subject to periodic pre- and post-payment reviews, and other audits by federal and state authorities. A review or audit of a property operator’s claims could result in recoupments, denials, or delay of payments in the future. Due to the significant judgments and estimates inherent in payor settlement accounting, no assurance can be given as to the adequacy of any reserves maintained by our property operators to cover potential adjustments to reimbursements, or to cover settlements made to payors. Recent focus on billing practices, payments, and quality of care, or ongoing government pressure to reduce spending by government health care programs, could result in lower payments to long-term/post-acute care facilities and, as a result, may impair an operator’s ability to meet its financial obligations to us. ☐ Medicare Reimbursement. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2017, approximately 35% of the revenues at our long-term/post-acute care facilities were paid by Medicare. Generally, long-term/post-acute care facilities are reimbursed under the Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility Prospective Payment System (“SNF PPS”), the Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Prospective Payment System (“IRF PPS”), or the Long-Term Care Hospital Prospective Payment System (“LTCH PPS”), which generally provide reimbursement based upon a predetermined fixed amount per episode of care and are updated by CMS, an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) annually. In August 2017, CMS made some positive payment updates for fiscal year (“FY”) 2017 under the SNF PPS, the IRF PPS and the LTCH PPS. In particular, CMS published a final rule regarding FY 2018 Medicare payment policies and rates for: § SNF PPS. Under the final SNF PPS rule, CMS projects that payments to SNFs will increase in FY 2018 on an aggregate basis by 1.0% from payments in FY 2017. § IRF PPS. Under the IRF PPS rule, CMS estimates that aggregate payments to IRFs will increase in FY 2018 on an aggregate basis by 0.9% relative to payments in FY 2017. § LTCH PPS. As a result of the continuation of the phase-in of site neutral payment rates for specified cases in LTCHs, CMS projects FY 2018 Medicare payments to LTCHs will decrease by 2.4%. Payment rates will increase by 1.0% for cases that qualify for the higher standard LTCH PPS rate. CMS also finalized its proposal to remove from FY 2018 payment rates the temporary 0.6% Medicare Part A hospital payment increase to FY 2017 payment rates implemented in connection with a federal district court’s review of the “Two Midnight” payment policy. There is a risk under these payment systems that costs will exceed the fixed payments, or that payments may be set below the costs to provide certain items and services. In addition, the HHS Office of Inspector General has released recommendations to address SNF billing practices and Medicare payment rates. If followed, these recommendations regarding SNF payment reform may impact our tenants and operators. 7 ☐ Medicaid Reimbursement . For the twelve months ended September 30, 2017, approximately 36% of the revenues of our long-term/post-acute care facilities were paid by Medicaid. Many states reimburse SNFs, for example, using fixed daily rates, which are applied prospectively based on patient acuity and the historical costs incurred in providing patient care. In most states, Medicaid does not fully reimburse the cost of providing services. Certain states are attempting to slow the rate of Medicaid growth by freezing rates or restricting eligibility and benefits. In addition, Medicaid reimbursement rates may decline if state revenues in a particular state are not sufficient to fund budgeted expenditures. · Medicare Reimbursement for Physicians, Hospital Outpatient Departments (“HOPDs”), and Ambulatory Surgical Centers (“ASCs”). Changes in reimbursement to physicians, HOPDs, and ASCs may further affect our tenants and operators. Generally, Medicare reimburses physicians under the Physician Fee Schedule, while HOPDs and ASCs are reimbursed under prospective payment systems. The Physician Fee Schedule and the HOPD and ASC prospective payment systems are updated annually by CMS. These annual Medicare payment regulations have resulted in lower net pay increases than providers of those services have often expected. In addition, the Medicare and Children’s Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 (“MACRA”) includes payment reductions for providers who do not meet government quality standards. The implementation of pay-for-quality models like those required under MACRA is expected to produce funding disparities that could adversely impact some provider tenants in outpatient medical buildings and other health care properties. Changes in Medicare Advantage plan payments may also indirectly affect our operators and tenants that contract with Medicare Advantage plans . · Health Reform Laws. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Health Reform Laws”) dramatically altered how health care is delivered and reimbursed in the U.S. and contained various provisions, including Medicaid expansion and the establishment of Health Insurance Exchanges (“HIEs”) providing subsidized health insurance, that may directly impact us or the operators and tenants of our properties. Since taking office, President Trump and the current U.S. Congress have sought to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all or portions of the Health Reform Laws. For example, in October 2017, President Trump issued an executive order in which he stated that it is his Administration’s policy to seek the prompt repeal of the Health Reform Laws and directed executive departments and federal agencies to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of the provisions of the Health Reform Laws to the maximum extent permitted by law . On the same day, the federal government separately announced that cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers offering qualified health plans through the HIEs would end, effective immediately, unless Congress appropriated the funds. Further, in December 2017, the U.S. Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which included a provision that eliminates the penalty under the Health Reform Laws’ individual mandate and could impact the future state of the HIEs established by the Health Reform Laws. There is still uncertainty with respect to the additional impact President Trump’s Administration and the U.S. Congress may have, if any, and any changes will likely take time to unfold, and could have an impact on coverage and reimbursement for health care items and services covered by plans that were authorized by the Health Reform Laws. We cannot predict whether the existing Health Reform Laws, or future health care reform legislation or regulatory changes, will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’ property or business. Fraud & Abuse Enforcement Long-term/post-acute care facilities (and seniors housing facilities that receive Medicaid payments) are subject to federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and applicable guidance that govern the operations and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by health care providers. Certain of these laws, such as the AKS and Stark Law, prohibit direct or indirect payments of any kind for the purpose of inducing or encouraging the referral of patients for medical products or services reimbursable by government health care programs. Other laws require providers to furnish only medically necessary services and submit to the government valid and accurate statements for each service. Specifically, our operators and tenants that receive payments from federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, are subject to substantial financial penalties under the Civil Monetary Penalties Act and the FCA and, in particular, actions under the FCA’s “whistleblower” provisions. Private enforcement of health care fraud has increased due in large part to amendments to the FCA that encourage private individuals to sue on behalf of the government. In addition, states may also have separate false claims acts, which, among other things, generally prohibit health care providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payments. Still other laws require providers to comply with a variety of safety, health and other requirements relating to the condition of the licensed property and the quality of care provided. Sanctions for violations of these laws, regulations, and other applicable guidance may include, but are not limited to, criminal and/or civil penalties and fines, loss of licensure, immediate termination of government payments, exclusion from any government health care program, damage assessments, and imprisonment. In certain circumstances, violation of these rules (such as those prohibiting abusive and fraudulent behavior) with respect to one property may subject other facilities under common control or ownership to sanctions, including exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as other government health care programs. In the ordinary course of its business, a property operator is regularly subjected to inquiries, investigations, and audits by the federal and state agencies that oversee these laws and regulations. Prosecutions, investigations, or whistleblower actions could have a material adverse effect on a property operator’s liquidity, financial condition, and operations, which could adversely affect the ability of the operator to meet its financial obligations to us. In addition, government investigations and enforcement actions brought against the health care industry have increased dramatically over the past several years and are expected to continue. Although the responsibility for enforcing these laws and regulations lies with a variety of federal, state and local governmental agencies, some may be enforced by private litigants through federal and state false claims acts and other laws, including some state privacy laws, that allow for private individuals to bring actions. The costs for an 8 operator of a health care property associated with both defending such enforcement actions and the undertakings in settling these actions can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. Federal and State Data Privacy and Security Laws The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and numerous other state and federal laws govern the collection, security, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of individually identifiable health information. Violations of these laws may result in substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties. The costs for an operator of a health care property associated with developing and maintaining HIPAA compliance systems, defending enforcement actions and paying any assessed fines, can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us. United Kingdom In the U.K., care home services are principally regulated by the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (as amended) and other regulations. This legislation subjects service providers to a number of legally binding “Fundamental Standards” and requires, amongst other things, that all persons carrying out “Regulated Activities” in the U.K., and the managers of such persons, be registered. Providers of care home services are also subject (as data controllers) to laws governing their use of personal data (including in relation to their employees, clients and recipients of their services). These laws currently take the form of the U.K.’s Data Protection Act 1998, enforced by the U.K.’s Information Commissioner’s Office, but are expected to be replaced by the European Union’s (“EU”) new General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The GDPR will impose a significant number of new obligations with the potential for fines of up to 4% of annual worldwide turnover or €20 million, whichever is greater. Entities incorporated in or carrying on a business in the U.K. as well as individuals residing in the U.K. are also subject to the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. The U.K. recently introduced a new national minimum wage with a maximum fine for non-payment of £20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be banned from being a company director for up to 15 years. The U.K. recently voted to exit from the EU (“Brexit”). Negotiations on the exit agreement are underway but at present it is not possible to predict whether Brexit will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’ property or business. Canada Retirement homes and long-term care homes are subject to regulation, and long-term care homes receive funding, under provincial law. There is no federal regulation in this area. Set out below are summaries of the principal regulatory requirements in the provinces where we have a material number of facilities. Licensing and Regulation Alberta In Alberta, there are three relevant designations for seniors’ living arrangements, ordered below from the most independent to the highest level of care. · Retirement Homes (also called independent living) are designed for older adults able to live on their own, and may offer various lifestyle amenities. These residences may be rented, privately owned, or life-leased, and may be operated for profit or non-profit. Support services are not usually offered, but can be arranged by residents. Retirement homes do not generally receive government funding; residents pay for tenancy and services received. Rental subsidies may be available to qualified seniors. Independent living residences are subject to provincial tenancy and housing laws. · Supportive Living (also called assisted living) provides home-like accommodation for residents who wish or need to access care, assistance, and services. Operators provide at least one meal a day and/or housekeeping services. There are four levels of supportive living, addressing care needs from basic to advanced. In addition, there are two specialized designations of supportive care to address the needs of residents who require the highest level of care including for those who have cognitive impairments. Supportive living can include senior lodges, group homes, and mental health and designated supportive living accommodations, which can be operated by private for-profit or not-for-profit, or public operators. Supportive living services are licensed and regulated under provincial laws, and governed by the Ministry of Health. Operators receiving public funds for health and personal care services must also comply with additional provincial legislation, and are subject to legislated safeguards aimed at investigation of suspected abuse. The maximum accommodation fee in publicly-funded designated supportive living is regulated by Alberta Health. In other supportive living settings, the operator sets the cost of accommodation. Health services are publicly-funded and provided through Alberta Health Services. Private sector operators are eligible to apply for government funding under a government capital grant program that provides funding to develop long-term care and affordable supportive living spaces. · Nursing Homes (also called long-term care) are for residents who have complex, unpredictable medical needs and who require 24-hour on-site registered nurse assessment or treatment. Nursing homes are regulated by provincial laws, and governed by the Ministry of Health. Operators are not licensed, but enter into agreements with the Ministry for the operation of nursing homes and must comply with certain accommodation standards. Homes can be operated by private for-profit or 9 not-for-profit, or public operators. Operators that receive public funds for health and personal care services must also comply with certain health service standards and legislation aimed at protecting residents. Alberta Health regulates the maximum accommodation fee in publicly-funded nursing homes. Health services in long-term care are publicly-funded, provided through Alberta Health Services. Private sector operators are eligible to apply for government funding, and the Minister may make grants to an operator in respect of its operating or capital costs. Ontario Retirement homes are regulated and licensed under a provincial law aimed at protecting residents. Retirement homes do not receive government funding; residents enter into tenancy agreements under provincial tenancy law, and pay for tenancy and services received. Residents may access publicly-funded external care services at the home from external suppliers. Retirement home licenses are granted by the Retirement Homes Regulatory Authority (“RHRA”), and are non-transferable. The RHRA administers the law governing retirement homes, to ensure that licensees are meeting certain standards, generally with respect to care and safety. The law requires any person to report to the RHRA when there are reasonable grounds to suspect abuse of a resident by anyone, or neglect of a resident by staff. The RHRA conducts a mandatory inspection and issues a report that is posted on the RHRA’s public website, and also must be posted in the subject home if it is the most recent report. The Registrar of the RHRA can receive complaints about a retirement home contravening a provision of the law, and if such a complaint is received, it must be reviewed promptly. The Registrar has broad powers relating to complaint investigation and action. The RHRA Registrar has the power to inspect a retirement home at any time without warning or issue a warrant to ensure compliance. Compliance inspections occur at least every three years. The Registrar has the power to make a variety of orders including the imposition of a fine or an order revoking the operator’s license. The applicable law also enumerates offenses, such as operating without a license, and provides for penalties for offenses. British Columbia Provincial laws regulate and license “community care facilities” (long-term care homes) in substantially the same manner as retirement homes are regulated under Ontario laws. Community care facilities are defined as premises used for the purpose of supervising vulnerable persons who require three or more prescribed services (from a list that includes regular assistance with activities of daily living; distribution of medication; management of cash resources; monitoring of food intake; structured behavior management and intervention; and psychosocial or physical rehabilitative therapy). Provincial law also recognizes and regulates “assisted living residences,” for seniors who can live independently, but require assistance with certain activities. Services available can include meals, housekeeping, monitoring and emergency support, social/recreational opportunities, and transportation. Assisted living residences do not require a license, but must be registered with the registrar of assisted living residences and must be operated in a manner that does not jeopardize the health or safety of residents. If the registrar believes the standard is not being met, the registrar may inspect the residence and may suspend or cancel a registration. Independent living residences offer housing and hospitality services for retired adults who are functionally independent and able to direct their own care. Québec Provincial laws in Québec regulate retirement homes (private seniors’ residences) as well as long-term care homes (residential and long-term care centers). Private seniors’ residences are required to obtain a certificate of compliance based on prescribed operating standards. A certificate of compliance is issued for a period of four years and is renewable. The regional health and social agency may revoke or refuse to issue or renew a certificate of compliance if, among other things, the operator fails to comply with the applicable law. The agency may also order corrective measures, further to an inspection, complaint or investigation. The agency is authorized to inspect a residence, at any reasonable time of day, in order to ascertain whether it complies with the law. Private seniors’ residences may belong to either or both of the following categories: (i) those offering services to independent elderly persons and (ii) those offering services to semi-independent elderly persons. The operator must, for each category, comply with the applicable criteria and standards, with some exceptions for residences with fewer than six or ten rooms or apartments. There are requirements with respect to residents’ health and safety, meal services and recreation, content of residents’ files, disclosure of information to residents, and staffing, among other things. In May 2017, Quebec adopted the Act to combat maltreatment of seniors and other persons of full age in vulnerable situations , which aims to implement a Quebec-wide framework agreement to combat maltreatment, targets all facilities that provide health services and social services to seniors and vulnerable persons, including health establishments and private residences. We expect that it will affect private seniors’ residences in the following ways: · Health establishments are required to adopt an “Anti-Maltreatment Policy”, providing notably for the measures put in place to prevent maltreatment of persons in vulnerable situations; · The policy adopted by health establishments will notably have to include the required adaptation for the implementation of the policy in private sector residences; and 10 · Operators of private seniors’ residences will be required to apply the policy adopted by the integrated health and social services center in their territory, as well as ensure that the policy is known by residents, their family members and their employees. Other Related Laws Privacy The services provided in our facilities are subject to privacy legislation in Canada, including, in certain provinces, privacy laws specifically related to personal health information. Although the obligations of custodians of personal information in the various provinces differ, they all include the obligation to protect the information. The organizations with which we have management agreements may be the custodian of personal information collected in connection with the operation of our facilities. Privacy laws in Canada are consent-based and require the implementation of a privacy program involving policies, procedures and the designation of an individual or team with primary responsibility for privacy law compliance. Mandatory breach notification to affected individuals is a requirement under some laws. Mandatory breach notification to the applicable regulator is a requirement in some provinces. Some laws require notification where personal information is processed or stored outside of Canada. One provincial law (in Quebec) provides for fines where an organization fails to perform due diligence before outsourcing activities involving personal information to a service provider outside of the province. The powers of privacy regulators and penalties for violations of privacy law vary according to the applicable law or are left to the courts. To date, monetary penalties granted have been on the low side, although that is changing with civil actions for breach of privacy and may change further as a result of class action activity. There are over 60 privacy class actions which have been filed in Canada over recent years although none have yet been decided on their merits. Regulators have the authority to make public the identity of a custodian that has been found to have committed a breach, so there is a reputational risk associated with privacy law violations even where no monetary damages are incurred. The notification of residents (mandatory under some privacy laws) and other activities required to manage a privacy breach can give rise to significant costs. Other Legislation Retirement homes may be subject to residential tenancy laws, such that there can be restrictions on rent increases and termination of tenancies, for instance. Other provincial and/or municipal laws applicable to fire safety, food services, zoning, occupational health and safety, public health, and the provision of community health care and funded long-term/post-acute care may also apply to retirement homes. Taxation U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations General We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our first taxable year. We intend to continue to operate in such a manner as to qualify as a REIT, but there is no guarantee that we will qualify or remain qualified as a REIT for subsequent years. Qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet a variety of complex qualification tests imposed under federal income tax law with respect to income, assets, distribution level and diversity of share ownership. There can be no assurance that we will be owned and organized and will operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified. Failure to Qualify as a REIT If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT will not be deductible nor will any particular amount of distributions be required to be made in any year. All distributions to stockholders will be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits allocable to these distributions and, subject to certain limitations, will be eligible for the dividends received deduction for corporate stockholders. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we also will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. It is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to statutory relief. Failure to qualify for even one year could result in our need to incur indebtedness or liquidate investments in order to pay potentially significant resulting tax liabilities. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Tax Act”) 11 The Tax Act made significant changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to businesses and their owners, including REITs and their shareholders. Congressional leaders have recognized that the process of adopting extensive tax legislation in a short amount of time without hearings and substantial time for review may have led to drafting errors, issues needing clarification and unintended consequences that may need to be addressed subsequent tax legislation. It is unknown when Congress may address these issues or when the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may issue guidance regarding the interpretation and implementation of the Tax Act. We cannot predict what impact future legislation and guidance will have on us or our shareholders. Internet Access to Our SEC Filings Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as our proxy statements and other materials that are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are made available, free of charge, on the Internet at www.welltower.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We routinely post important information on our website at www.welltower.com in the “Investors” section, including corporate and investor presentations and financial information. We intend to use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included on our website under the heading “Investors.” Accordingly, investors should monitor such portion of our website in addition to following our press releases, public conference calls, and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference contain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When we use words such as “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate” or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, we are making forward-looking statements. In particular, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those relating to our opportunities to acquire, develop or sell properties; our ability to close our anticipated acquisitions, investments or dispositions on currently anticipated terms, or within currently anticipated timeframes; the expected performance of our operators/tenants and properties; our expected occupancy rates; our ability to declare and to make distributions to stockholders; our investment and financing opportunities and plans; our continued qualification as a REIT; and our ability to access capital markets or other sources of funds. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. This may be a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: • the status of the economy; • the status of capital markets, including availability and cost of capital; • issues facing the health care industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations and payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive settlements and operators’/tenants’ difficulty in cost-effectively obtaining and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; • changes in financing terms; • competition within the health care and seniors housing industries; • negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants, including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; • our ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results; • the failure to make new investments or acquisitions as and when anticipated; • natural disasters and other acts of God affecting our properties; • our ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; • our ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets sold; • operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies; • the cooperation of joint venture partners; • government regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational requirements; • liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants; • unanticipated difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future investments or acquisitions; • environmental laws affecting our properties; • changes in rules or practices governing our financial reporting; • the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates; • our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT; • key management personnel recruitment and retention; and • the risks described under “Item 1A — Risk Factors.” 12 We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. Item 1A. Risk Factors This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed in this section or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline. We group these risk factors into three categories: • Risks arising from our business; • Risks arising from our capital structure; and • Risks arising from our status as a REIT. Risks Arising from Our Business Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations We are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. If we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the project. Such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations. Investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and health care properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including risks that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will fail to meet performance expectations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments, the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all. Health care properties are often highly customizable and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific improvements. We also may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of exclusive control over these investments, our partners’ insolvency or failure to meet their obligations, and disputes between us and our partners We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities. Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such dispute and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. In addition, our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted. In some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner’s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partner’s interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. Joint ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners, which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures. Even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property. We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks include fluctuations in occupancy, Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable, and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage; state regulation and rights of residents related to entrance fees; and the availability and 13 increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise). Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations. Decreases in our operators’ revenues or increases in our operators’ expenses could affect our operators’ ability to make payments to us Our operators’ revenues are primarily driven by occupancy, private pay rates, and Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable. Expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Revenues from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. Operating costs continue to increase for our operators. To the extent that any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of other collateral would have to be relied upon. To the extent the value of such property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset. Furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such sale may result in a loss. Any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively affect our financial results. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate. Increased competition and oversupply may affect our operators’ ability to meet their obligations to us The operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services for residents and patients, including on the basis of the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price, and location. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. In addition, we expect that there will continue to be a more than adequate inventory of seniors housing facilities. We cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. If our operators cannot compete effectively or if there is an oversupply of facilities, their financial performance and ability to meet their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. A severe cold and flu season, epidemics or any other widespread illnesses could adversely affect the occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties Our and our operators’ revenues are dependent on occupancy. It is impossible to predict the severity of the cold and flu season or the occurrence of epidemics or any other widespread illnesses. The occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties could significantly decrease in the event of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness. Such a decrease could affect the operating income of our seniors housing operating properties and the ability of our triple-net operators to make payments to us. In addition, a flu pandemic could significantly increase the cost burdens faced by our operators, including if they are required to implement quarantines for residents, and adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. The insolvency or bankruptcy of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us, which may result in a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons. Although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. A tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and to exercise other rights and remedies. In addition, if a lease is rejected in a tenant bankruptcy, our claim against the tenant may be limited by applicable provisions of the bankruptcy law. We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g., real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant. In some instances, we have terminated our lease with a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. In some of those situations, we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the new obligor. If we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor liabilities. Should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely affected. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate. We may not be able to timely reinvest our sale proceeds on terms acceptable to us From time to time, we will have cash available from the proceeds of sales of our securities, principal payments on our loans receivable or the sale of properties, including non-elective dispositions, under the terms of master leases or similar financial support 14 arrangements. In order to maintain current revenues and continue generating attractive returns, we expect to re-invest these proceeds in a timely manner. We compete for real estate investments with a broad variety of potential investors, including other health care REITs, real estate partnerships, health care providers, health care lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. This competition for attractive investments may negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to us. We depend on Genesis HealthCare (“Genesis”) and Brookdale Senior Living (“Brookdale”) for a significant portion of our revenues and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to satisfy obligations under their agreements with us could adversely affect us The properties we lease to Genesis and Brookdale account for a significant portion of our revenues, and because our leases with Genesis and Brookdale are triple-net leases, we also depend on Genesis and Brookdale to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. We cannot assure you that Genesis and Brookdale will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy their respective obligations under our leases, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by Genesis or Brookdale to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although the most recent publicly available financial statements of Genesis reflect going concern disclosures, the operator remains current on rent and the coverage remains above 1.0. Genesis and Brookdale have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that Genesis and Brookdale will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable them to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. Genesis’s and Brookdale’s failure to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputations and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we have made real estate and other loans to Genesis and their operational or other failures could adversely impact their ability to repay these loans when due. See Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding Genesis. The properties managed by Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (“Sunrise”) account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income and any adverse developments in its business or financial condition could adversely affect us As of December 31, 2017, Sunrise managed 158 of our seniors housing operating properties. These properties account for a significant portion of our revenues, and we rely on Sunrise to manage these properties efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate them in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. Any adverse developments in Sunrise’s business or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Also, if Sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties, such difficulties could result in, among other things, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Ownership of property outside the U.S. may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our domestic operations We have operations in Canada and the U.K. International development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, any international currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not qualify under the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test that we must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT; challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash; changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions (regionally, nationally and locally) including, but not limited to, the U.K.’s June 2016 vote to exit the EU; challenges in managing international operations; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and other civil and criminal legal proceedings; foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; regional or country-specific business cycles and political and economic instability; and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with international expansion and operations, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. If our tenants do not renew their existing leases, or if we are required to sell properties for liquidity reasons, we may be unable to lease or sell the properties on favorable terms, or at all 15 We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases at the end of their lease terms, which expire at various times. If these leases are not renewed, we would be required to find other tenants to occupy those properties or sell them. There can be no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable replacement tenants or enter into leases with new tenants on terms as favorable to us as the current leases or that we would be able to lease those properties at all. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and most of the property we own is highly customized for specific uses. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in operator, economic and other conditions will be limited. No assurances can be given that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell. Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. A downturn in the real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate. Our tenants, operators and managers may not have the necessary insurance coverage to insure adequately against losses We maintain or require our tenants, operators and managers to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly-situated companies in our industry, and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. That said, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators or managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance and required coverages or that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance coverage under our lease, management and other agreements, which could adversely affect us in the event of a significant uninsured loss. Also, in recent years, long-term/post-acute care and seniors housing operators and managers have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims. As a result, general and professional liability costs have increased in some markets. General and professional liability insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect the tenants’, operators’ and managers’ future operations, cash flows and financial condition, and may have a material adverse effect on the tenants’, operators’ and managers’ ability to meet their obligations to us. Our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the loss of such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases We have acquired an interest in certain of our properties by acquiring a leasehold interest in the property on which the building is located, and we may acquire additional properties in the future through the purchase of interests in ground leases. As the lessee under a ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon termination of the ground lease or an earlier breach of the ground lease by us. The requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid or government funding, could have a material adverse effect on our obligors’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect our obligors’ ability to meet their obligations to us Some of our obligors’ businesses are affected by government reimbursement. To the extent that an operator/tenant receives a significant portion of its revenues from government payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments or set-offs, court decisions, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities) and interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing government investigations and audits at such property. In recent years, government payors have frozen or reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary pressures. Health care reimbursement will likely continue to be of paramount importance to federal and state authorities. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or effect any future legislative reforms may have on the financial condition of our obligors and properties. There can be no assurance that adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services provided by any property operator, whether the property receives reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid or private payors. Significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on an obligor’s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an obligor to meet its obligations to us. The Health Reform Laws, provide those states that expand their Medicaid coverage to otherwise eligible state residents with incomes at or below 138% of the federal poverty level with an increased federal medical assistance percentage, effective January 1, 2014, when certain conditions are met. Given that the federal government substantially funds the Medicaid expansion, it is unclear how many states will ultimately pursue this option, although, as of early February 2018, more than 60% of the states have expanded Medicaid coverage. The participation by states in the Medicaid expansion could have the dual effect of increasing our tenants’ revenues, through new patients, but further straining state budgets and their ability to pay our tenants. We expect that the current Presidential Administration and U.S. Congress will seek to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the Health Reform Laws, including Medicaid expansion. Since taking office, President Trump has continued to support the repeal of all or portions of the Health Reform Laws. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government Regulations — United States — Reimbursement” above for additional information. If the operations, cash flows or financial condition of our operators and tenants are 16 materially adversely impacted by the Health Reform Laws or future legislation, our revenue and operations may be adversely affected as well. More generally, and because of the dynamic nature of the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, we cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or regulatory changes could have on the U.S. economy, our business, or that of our operators and tenants. Our operators’ or tenants’ failure to comply with federal, state, province, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators’ or tenants’ operations, which could adversely affect our operators’ and tenants’ ability to meet their obligations to us Our operators and tenants generally are subject to varying levels of federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards. Our operators’ or tenants’ failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or standards could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension, decertification or exclusion from federal and state health care programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. Such actions may have an effect on our operators’ or tenants’ ability to make lease payments to us and, therefore, adversely impact us. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government Regulations — United States — Fraud & Abuse Enforcement” above. Many of our properties may require a license, registration, and/or CON to operate. Failure to obtain a license, registration, or CON, or loss of a required license, registration, or CON would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by the operators or tenants. These events could materially adversely affect our operators’ or tenants’ ability to make rent or other obligatory payments to us. State and local laws also may regulate the expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or acquisition of medical equipment, and the construction or renovation of health care facilities, by requiring a CON or other similar approval from a state agency. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government Regulations — United States — Licensing and Certification” above. The real estate market and our business may be negatively impacted by changes to U.S. tax laws The Tax Act adopted on December 22, 2017 significantly changes the U.S. income tax rules for individuals and corporations. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of the Tax Act and, as such, its implications for our business remain uncertain. Although the Tax Act involves comprehensive changes to the system of corporate income tax, it does not substantively change the manner in which REITs are taxed. Although numerous provisions of the Tax Act do affect REITs, we are generally not subject to pay federal taxes applicable to regular corporations if we comply with the tax regulations governing REIT status. Nonetheless, the Tax Act makes numerous changes to the individual income tax rules that may affect the real estate market in the U.S., including limitations on the deductibility of state and local property taxes, the elimination of the deductibility of interest on new home equity loans and a reduction in the limit for an individual’s mortgage interest expense to interest on $750,000 of mortgages. Although the impact of these changes is likely to be most significant in the residential real estate market, rather than in the sectors where we operate, the effects of these changes on the broader real estate market in the geographic areas in which we operate and on our tenants remain uncertain. Changes in applicable tax regulations could negatively affect our financial results We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Because, even with the passage of the Tax Act, the U.S. maintains a worldwide corporate tax system, the foreign and U.S. tax systems are somewhat interdependent. Longstanding international norms that determine each country’s jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are evolving, such as the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project (“BEPS”) currently being undertaken by the G8, G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Tax changes pursuant to BEPS could reduce the ability of our foreign subsidiaries to deduct for foreign tax purposes the interest they pay on loans from us, thereby, increasing the foreign tax liability of the subsidiaries; it is also possible that foreign countries could increase their withholding taxes on dividends and interest. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to assess the overall effect of such potential tax changes on our earnings and cash flow, but such changes could adversely impact our financial results. Unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition From time to time, we may be directly involved in a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. We may also be named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of our operators/tenants or managers in which such operators/tenants or managers have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation or legal proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability 17 At any given time, we may be in the process of constructing one or more new facilities that ultimately will require a CON and license before they can be utilized by the operator for their intended use. The operator also may need to obtain Medicare and Medicaid certification and enter into Medicare and Medicaid provider agreements and/or third party payor contracts. In the event that the operator is unable to obtain the necessary CON, licensure, certification, provider agreements or contracts after the completion of construction, there is a risk that we will not be able to earn any revenues on the facility until either the initial operator obtains a license or certification to operate the new facility and the necessary provider agreements or contracts or we find and contract with a new operator that is able to obtain a license to operate the facility for its intended use and the necessary provider agreements or contracts. In connection with our renovation, redevelopment, development and related construction activities, we may be unable to obtain, or suffer delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations. These factors could result in increased costs or our abandonment of these projects. In addition, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, which may render us unable to proceed with our development activities, and we may not be able to complete construction and lease-up of a property on schedule, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. Additionally, the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties means that we may have to wait years for significant cash returns. Because we are required to make cash distributions to our stockholders, if the cash flow from operations or refinancing is not sufficient, we may be forced to borrow additional money to fund such distributions. Newly developed and acquired properties may not produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall financial performance. In deciding whether to acquire or develop a particular property, we make assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. In particular, we estimate the return on our investment based on expected occupancy, rental rates and capital costs. If our financial projections with respect to a new property are inaccurate as a result of increases in capital costs or other factors, the property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment. Our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. Additionally, we may acquire new properties that are not fully leased, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property. We may experience losses caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters, which could result in an increase of our or our tenants’ cost of insurance, a decrease in our anticipated revenues or a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property We maintain or require our tenants to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage, and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. However, a large number of our properties are located in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes and floods. We believe, given current industry practice and analysis prepared by outside consultants, that our and our tenants’ insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses that may be caused by hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods and other severe weather conditions and natural disasters, including the effects of climate change. Nevertheless, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses and, depending on the severity of the event and the impact on our properties, such insurance may not cover a significant portion of the losses. These losses may lead to an increase of our and our tenants’ cost of insurance, a decrease in our anticipated revenues from an affected property and a loss of all or a portion of the capital we have invested in an affected property. In addition, we or our tenants may not purchase insurance under certain circumstances if the cost of insurance exceeds, in our or our tenants’ judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of loss. We may incur costs to remediate environmental contamination at our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our or our obligors’ business or financial condition Under various laws, owners or operators of real estate may be required to respond to the presence or release of hazardous substances on the property and may be held liable for property damage, personal injuries or penalties that result from environmental contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. We may become liable to reimburse the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Generally, such liability attaches to a person based on the person’s relationship to the property. Our tenants or borrowers are primarily responsible for the condition of the property. Moreover, we review environmental site assessments of the properties that we own or encumber prior to taking an interest in them. Those assessments are designed to meet the “all appropriate inquiry” standard, which we believe qualifies us for the innocent purchaser defense if environmental liabilities arise. Based upon such assessments, we do not believe that any of our properties are subject to material environmental contamination. However, environmental liabilities may be present in our properties and we may incur costs to remediate contamination, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition or the business or financial condition of our obligors. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, and other electronic security breaches, including those resulting from human error, product defects and technology failures. Such cyber-attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to 18 more sophisticated security threats. While we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber-attack. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business, compromise the confidential information of our employees, operators, tenants and partners, damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed Our success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including our executive officers and other highly qualified employees, and competition for their talents is intense. We cannot assure you that we will retain our key personnel or that we will be able to recruit and retain other highly qualified employees in the future. Losing any key personnel could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions (restrictions on share ownership and transfer and super majority stockholder approval requirements for business combinations) that could make it more difficult for or even prevent a third party from acquiring us without the approval of our incumbent Board of Directors. Provisions and agreements that inhibit or discourage takeover attempts could reduce the market value of our common stock. We may become more leveraged Permanent financing for our investments is typically provided through a combination of public offerings of debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. The incurrence or assumption of indebtedness may cause us to become more leveraged, which could (1) require us to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flow to the payment of debt service, (2) make us more vulnerable to a downturn in the economy, (3) limit our ability to obtain additional financing, or (4) negatively affect our credit ratings or outlook by one or more of the rating agencies. Cash available for distributions to stockholders may be insufficient to make dividend contributions at expected levels and are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors If cash available for distribution generated by our assets decreases due to dispositions or otherwise, we may be unable to make dividend distributions at expected levels. Our inability to make expected distributions would likely result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock. All distributions are made at the discretion of our Board of Directors in accordance with Delaware law and depend on our earnings, our financial condition, debt and equity capital available to us, our expectation of our future capital requirements and operating performance, restrictive covenants in our financial and other contractual arrangements, maintenance of our REIT qualification, restrictions under Delaware law and other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. Additionally, our ability to make distributions will be adversely affected if any of the risks described herein, or other significant adverse events, occur. We are subject to covenants in our debt agreements that could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments. These defaults could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including rising interest rates, inflation and other general market conditions; the market’s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; the market price of the shares of our capital stock and the credit ratings of our debt securities; the financial stability of our lenders, which might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their willingness to make additional loans to us; changes in the credit ratings on U.S. government debt securities; or default or delay in payment by the U.S. of its obligations. If our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could negatively impact our ability to acquire properties, repay or refinance our indebtedness, fund operations or make distributions to our stockholders. 19 Downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital We plan to manage the Company to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Increases in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on our cost of capital An increase in interest rates may increase interest cost on new and existing variable rate debt. Such increases in the cost of capital could adversely impact our ability to finance operations, the acquisition and development of properties, and refinance existing debt. Additionally, increased interest rates may also result in less liquid property markets, limiting our ability to sell existing assets. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position Currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position. We generate a portion of our revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the Canadian dollar and the British pound sterling. Although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, we cannot assure you that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us. Our entry into hedge agreements may not effectively reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates We enter into hedge agreements from time to time to manage some of our exposure to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate volatility. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. In addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. When we use forward-starting interest rate swaps, there is a risk that we will not complete the long-term borrowing against which the swap is intended to hedge. If such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Risks Arising from Our Status as a REIT We might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT We intend to operate as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and believe we have and will continue to operate in such a manner. If we lose our status as a REIT, we will face serious income tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for satisfying our obligations and for distribution to our stockholders because: • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates; • we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and • unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. Since REIT qualification requires us to meet a number of complex requirements, it is possible that we may fail to fulfill them, and if we do, our earnings will be reduced by the amount of U.S. federal and other income taxes owed. A reduction in our earnings would affect the amount we could distribute to our stockholders. If we do not qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders since a non-REIT is not required to pay dividends to stockholders in order to maintain REIT status or avoid an excise tax. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, all distributions to stockholders would continue to be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, although corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and individual stockholders may be eligible for taxation at the rates generally applicable to long-term capital gains (currently at a maximum rate of 20%) with respect to distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to implement our business strategy and would adversely affect the value of our common stock. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to remain qualified as a REIT. Although we believe that we qualify as a REIT, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Certain subsidiaries might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT 20 We own interests in a number of entities which have elected to be taxed as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, some of which we consolidate for financial reporting purposes but each of which is treated as a separate REIT for federal income tax purposes (each a “Subsidiary REIT”). To qualify as a REIT, each Subsidiary REIT must independently satisfy all of the REIT qualification requirements under the Code, together with all other rules applicable to REITs. Provided that each Subsidiary REIT qualifies as a REIT, our interests in the Subsidiary REITs will be treated as qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests. If a Subsidiary REIT fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, such Subsidiary REIT will be subject to federal and state income taxes and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. Any such failure could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a REIT, unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. The 90% annual distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions To comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to REITs and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. Although we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement, it is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement, or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. This may be due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand. In addition, non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. In the event that timing differences occur, or we deem it appropriate to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities (although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so), pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in another transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements. This may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations. The lease of qualified health care properties to a taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to special requirements We lease certain qualified health care properties to taxable REIT subsidiaries (or limited liability companies of which the taxable REIT subsidiaries are members), which lessees contract with managers (or related parties) to manage the health care operations at these properties. The rents from this taxable REIT subsidiary lessee structure are treated as qualifying rents from real property if (1) they are paid pursuant to an arms-length lease of a qualified health care property with a taxable REIT subsidiary and (2) the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the Code). If any of these conditions are not satisfied, then the rents will not be qualifying rents. If certain sale-leaseback transactions are not characterized by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) as “true leases,” we may be subject to adverse tax consequences We have purchased certain properties and leased them back to the sellers of such properties, and we may enter into similar transactions in the future. We intend for any such sale-leaseback transaction to be structured in such a manner that the lease will be characterized as a “true lease,” thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, depending on the terms of any specific transaction, the IRS might take the position that the transaction is not a “true lease” but is more properly treated in some other manner. In the event any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and successfully re-characterized by the IRS, we would not be entitled to claim the deductions for depreciation and cost recovery generally available to an owner of property. Furthermore, if a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT asset tests or income tests and, consequently, could lose our REIT status effective with the year of re-characterization. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated, which may cause us to fail to meet the REIT annual distribution requirements for a taxable year. We could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our analysis of the Tax Act may be impacted by any corrective legislation and any guidance provided by the U.S. Treasury, the IRS or by the General Explanation of the Tax Act, which is under preparation by the Staff of the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation. Our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the IRS and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If we were subject to review or examination by the IRS or applicable foreign jurisdiction as the result of any new tax law changes (including the recently enacted Tax Act) the ultimate determination of which may change our taxes owed for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued or recorded, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 21 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 22 Item 2. Properties We own our corporate headquarters located at 4500 Dorr Street, Toledo, Ohio 43615. We also lease corporate offices in Canada, the United Kingdom and Luxembourg and have ground leases relating to certain of our properties. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the properties that comprise our consolidated real property and real estate loan investments as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands and annualized revenues adjusted for timing of investment): 23 The following table sets forth occupancy, coverages and average annualized revenues for certain property types (excluding investments in unconsolidated entities): 24 The following table sets forth information regarding lease expirations for certain portions of our portfolio as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, there are various legal proceedings pending against us that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management does not believe that the resolution of any of these legal proceedings either individually or in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, from time to time, we are party to certain legal proceedings for which third parties, such as tenants, operators and/or managers are contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. In some of these matters, the indemnitors have insurance for the potential damages. In other matters, we are being defended by tenants and other obligated third parties and these indemnitors may not have sufficient insurance, assets, income or resources to satisfy their defense and indemnification obligations to us. The unfavorable resolution of such legal proceedings could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect the indemnitors’ ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. It is management’s opinion that there are currently no such legal proceedings pending that will, individually or in the aggregate, have such a material adverse effect. Despite management’s view of the ultimate resolution of these legal proceedings, we may have significant legal expenses and costs associated with the defense of such matters. Further, management cannot predict the outcome of these legal proceedings and if management’s expectation regarding such matters is not correct, such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities There were 4,761 stockholders of record as of January 31, 2018. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low prices of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:WELL), and common dividends paid per share: Our Board of Directors has approved a 2018 quarterly cash dividend rate of $0.87 per share of common stock per quarter, commencing with the February 2018 dividend. The declaration and payment of quarterly dividends remains subject to the review and approval of the Board of Directors. 25 Stockholder Return Performance Presentation Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly percentage change and the cumulative total stockholder return on our shares of common stock against the cumulative total return of the S & P Composite-500 Stock Index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity Index. As of December 31, 2017, 157 companies comprised the FTSE NAREIT Equity Index, which consists of REITs identified by NAREIT as equity (those REITs which have at least 75% of their investments in real property). The data are based on the closing prices as of December 31 for each of the five years. 2012 equals $100 and dividends are assumed to be reinvested. Except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, the foregoing Stockholder Return Performance Presentation shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This information shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 26 Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following selected financial data for the five years ended December 31, 2017 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements (in thousands, except per share data): 27 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of Welltower Inc. presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other important factors are identified in “Item 1 — Business” and “Item 1A — Risk Factors” above. Executive Summary Company Overview Welltower Inc. (NYSE:WELL), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The Company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people’s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower TM , a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. The following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Business Strategy Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location. Substantially all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees/services, and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. These items represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. To the extent that our obligors/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments or operating distributions to us, there could be a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. To mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. We evaluate the operating environment in each property’s market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. In addition to our asset management and research efforts, we also structure our relevant investments to help mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. In addition, operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. For the year ended December 31, 2017, rental income and resident fees/services represented 33% and 64%, respectively, of total revenues. Substantially all of our operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. Our yield on loans receivable depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan, and any interest rate adjustments. Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees/services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions, and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real 29 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances, and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. We also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future investments, which replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured credit facility, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. Depending upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. It is also likely that investment dispositions may occur in the future. To the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. To the extent that new investment requirements exceed our available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our primary unsecured credit facility. At December 31, 2017, we had $243,777,000 of cash and cash equivalents, $65,526,000 of restricted cash and $2,258,635,000 of available borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility. Key Transactions Capital . During the year ended December 31, 2017, we extinguished $1,080,268,000 of secured debt at a blended average interest rate of 5.2%. In addition, we redeemed all 11,500,000 shares of our 6.5% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Also, for the year ended December 31, 2017, we raised $611,443,000 through our dividend reinvestment program and our Equity Shelf Program (as defined below). The capital raised, in combination with available cash and borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility and proceeds from dispositions, supported new investment activity for the year. Investments . The following summarizes our property acquisitions and joint venture investments made during the year ended December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Dispositions . The following summarizes property dispositions made during the year ended December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Dividends . Our Board of Directors announced the 2018 annual cash dividend of $3.48 per common share ($0.87 per share quarterly), consistent with 2017, beginning in February 2018. The dividend declared for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 represents the 187 th consecutive quarterly dividend payment. Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning 30 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations purposes. Operating Performance . We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders (“NICS”) per the Statement of Comprehensive Income are the most appropriate earnings measures. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders (“FFO”), consolidated net operating income (“NOI”) and same store NOI (“SSNOI”); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Please refer to the section entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for further discussion and reconciliations. These earnings measures are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison, and investment recommendations of companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands): Credit Strength. We measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. The leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) section 1031 deposits. The coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges (interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends). We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. The coverage ratios are based on adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“AEBITDA”). Please refer to the section entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for further discussion and reconciliation of these measures. Leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations, and rating of companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the periods presented: Concentration Risk . We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of NOI by property mix, relationship mix and geographic mix. Concentration risk is a valuable measure in understanding what portion of our NOI could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. Property mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our various property types. Relationship mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our top five relationships. Geographic mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our top five states (or international equivalents). The following table reflects our recent historical trends of concentration risk by NOI for the periods indicated below: 31 We evaluate our key performance indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical trends are indicative of future results. Our expected results may not be achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are described in more detail in “Item 1 — Business — Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A — Risk Factors” and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and Company-specific trends. Please refer to “Item 1 — Business,” “Item 1A — Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of these risk factors. Corporate Governance Maintaining investor confidence and trust is important in today’s business environment. Our Board of Directors and management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business practices. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. These guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange and are available on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and Uses of Cash During the fourth quarter of 2017, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2016-18, “Restricted Cash,” and ASU No. 2016-15, “Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.” See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees/services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions, and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses. These sources and uses of cash are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and are discussed in further detail below. The following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 32 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Operating Activities . The change in net cash provided from operating activities is attributable to changes in NOI, which is primarily due to dispositions in 2016 and 2017, partially offset by acquisitions and annual rent increasers. Please see “Results of Operations” below for further discussion. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, cash flows from operations exceeded cash distributions to stockholders. Investing Activities . The changes in net cash used in investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property investments, real estate loans receivable, and investments in unconsolidated entities which are summarized above in “Key Transactions in 2017.” Please refer to Notes 3, 6, and 7 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information. The following is a summary of cash used in non-acquisition capital improvement activities for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The change in new development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects on-going during the relevant periods. Renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position, and/or achieve property stabilization. Generally, these expenditures have increased as a result of acquisitions, primarily in our seniors housing operating segment. Financing Activities . The changes in net cash provided from financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/redemptions of common and preferred stock, and dividend payments which are summarized above in “Key Transactions in 2017.” Please refer to Notes 9, 10 and 13 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements At December 31, 2017, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership generally ranging from 10% to 50%. Please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. We use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. Please see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. At December 31, 2017, we had fourteen outstanding letter of credit obligations. Please see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of December 31, 2017 (in thousands): 33 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Structure Please refer to “Credit Strength” above for our leverage and coverage ratio trends. Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements require us to maintain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of December 31, 2017, we believe we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. None of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by our debt ratings. However, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and interest charged. We plan to manage the Company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. On May 1, 2015, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) (1) an open-ended automatic or “universal” shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants and units and (2) a registration statement in connection with our enhanced dividend reinvestment plan (“DRIP”) under which we may issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock. As of January 31, 2018, 2,108,286 shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the DRIP registration statement. We have entered into separate Equity Distribution Agreements with each of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC relating to the offer and sale from time to time of up to $1,000,000,000 aggregate amount of our common stock (“Equity Shelf Program”). The Equity Shelf Program also allows us to enter into forward sale agreements. We expect that, if entered into, we will physically settle each forward sale agreement on one or more dates on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case we will expect to receive per share cash proceeds at settlement equal to the forward sale price under the relevant forward sale agreement. However, we may elect to cash settle or net share settle a forward share agreement. As of January 31, 2018, we had $784,083,000 of remaining capacity under the Equity Shelf Program and there were no outstanding forward sales agreements. Depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements to invest in additional properties and to repay borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. Results of Operations Summary Our primary sources of revenue include rent, resident fees/services, and interest income. Our primary expenses include interest 34 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations expense, depreciation and amortization, property operating expenses, other expenses, and general and administrative expenses. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. The primary performance measures for our properties are NOI and SSNOI and other supplemental measures include FFO and AEBITDA, which are further discussed below. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information and reconciliations. The following is a summary of our results of operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): The following table represents the changes in outstanding common stock for the period from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2017 (in thousands): During the past three years, inflation has not significantly affected our earnings because of the moderate inflation rate. Additionally, a portion of our earnings are derived primarily from long-term investments with predictable rates of return. These investments are mainly financed with a combination of equity, senior unsecured notes, secured debt, and borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. During inflationary periods, which generally are accompanied by rising interest rates, our ability to grow may be adversely affected because the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate than new borrowing costs. Presuming the current inflation rate remains moderate and long-term interest rates do not increase significantly, we believe that inflation will not impact the availability of equity and debt financing for us. Triple-net The following is a summary of our NOI and SSNOI for the triple-net segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 35 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following is a summary of our results of operations for the triple-net segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The 2017 decrease in rental income is primarily attributable to the disposition of properties exceeding new acquisitions and conversions of newly constructed triple-net properties. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant’s properties. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If gross operating revenues at our facilities and/or the CPI do not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. For the three months ended December 31, 2017, we had no triple-net lease renewals but we had 25 leases with rental rate increasers ranging from 0.15% to 0.36% in our triple-net portfolio. The 2017 decrease in interest income is primarily attributable to the volume of loan payoffs during 2016 and 2017 and the 2016 increase is attributable to higher loan volumes during the majority of 2016. 36 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations During the year ended December 31, 2017, we completed seven triple-net construction projects totaling $283,472,000 or $347,818 per bed/unit and two expansion projects totaling $10,336,000. The following is a summary of triple-net construction projects pending as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense and related fees. The change in secured debt interest expense is due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable to the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. The following is a summary of our triple-net secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): Depreciation and amortization decreased in 2017 primarily as a result of the disposition of triple-net properties. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly. Changes in gains on sales of properties are related to the volume of property sales and the sales prices. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges totaling $96,909,000 related to 21 properties, $20,169,000 related to 22 properties, and $2,220,000 related to two properties, respectively. The provision for loan losses is related to our critical accounting estimate for the allowance for loan losses and is discussed in “Critical Accounting Policies” below and Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we recorded provision for loan losses related to certain first mortgage loans to Genesis HealthCare (“Genesis”) of $62,966,000 and $6,935,000, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, other expenses primarily represents non-capitalizable transaction costs, including $88,316,000 related to a joint venture transaction with an existing seniors housing operator, including the conversion of properties from triple-net to seniors housing operating, an exchange of PropCo/OpCo interests and termination/restructuring of pre-existing relationships. In April 2011, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the real estate assets of privately-owned Genesis. In conjunction with this transaction, we received the option to acquire an ownership interest in Genesis. In February 2015, Genesis closed on a transaction to merge with Skilled Healthcare Group to become a publicly traded company which required us to record the value of the derivative asset due to the net settlement feature. This event resulted in $58,427,000 gain. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the cost basis of this investment exceeded the fair value. Management performed an assessment to determine whether the decline in fair value was other than temporary and concluded that it was. As a result, we recognized an other than temporary impairment charge of $35,648,000 which was recorded in other expense. During the fourth quarter of 2017, management recorded an additional other than temporary charge of $18,294,000 in other expenses on the Genesis equity investment. A portion of our triple-net properties were formed through partnerships. Income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners’ share of net income relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner. 37 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Seniors Housing Operating The following is a summary of our NOI and SSNOI for the seniors housing operating segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our results of operations for the seniors housing operating segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): Fluctuations in resident fees/services and property operating expenses are primarily a result of acquisitions and the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates. The fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions and variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly. The increase in other income for the year ended December 31, 2016 is primarily a result of insurance proceeds received relating to a property as well as a bargain purchase gain recognized in conjunction with a single property acquisition. The majority of our seniors housing operating properties are formed through partnership interests. The fluctuations in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities are largely due to the recognition of impairments related to one of our investments in unconsolidated 38 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations entities during the year ended December 31, 2017. In addition, losses are also attributable to depreciation and amortization of short-lived intangible assets related to certain investments in unconsolidated joint ventures in 2013 and 2014. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners’ share of net income (loss) related to joint ventures. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we completed one seniors housing operating construction project representing $3,634,000 or $302,820 per unit. The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Interest expense represents secured debt interest expense which fluctuates based on the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating property secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): The increases in gains on real estate dispositions is due to higher volumes of property sales. During the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2016, we recorded impairment charges totaling $21,949,000 and $12,403,000, relating to three and two properties, respectively. Outpatient Medical The following is a summary of our NOI and SSNOI for the outpatient medical segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our results of operations for the outpatient medical segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 39 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The increases in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed outpatient medical properties from which we receive rent. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the CPI. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If the CPI does not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Revenue from real property that is sold would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that revenues from sold properties exceed those from new acquisitions, we would experience decreased revenues. Our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. For the three months ended December 31, 2017, our consolidated outpatient medical portfolio signed 79,129 square feet of new leases and 270,505 square feet of renewals. The weighted-average term of these leases was six years, with a rate of $32.92 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission costs of $11.43 per square foot. Substantially all of these leases during the referenced quarter contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent structure ranging from the change in CPI to 3.5%. The fluctuation in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions of new outpatient medical facilities for which we incur certain property operating expenses. The fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions and variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded a provision for loan loss related to our critical accounting estimate for the allowance for loan losses discussed in “Critical Accounting Policies” below and Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements. Changes in gains/losses on sales of properties are related to volume of property sales and the sales prices . During 2016 and 2017, we recognized impairment charges related to certain held-for-sale properties as the carrying values exceeded the estimated fair values less costs to sell. 40 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations During the year ended December 31, 2017, we completed four outpatient medical construction projects representing $63,036,000 or $311 per square foot. The following is a summary of outpatient medical construction projects pending as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands): Total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense. The change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. The following is a summary of our outpatient medical secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): A portion of our outpatient medical properties were formed through partnerships. Income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners’ share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner. Non-Segment/Corporate The following is a summary of our results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate interest expense for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 41 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The change in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments, primarily the $450,000,000 of 4.70% senior unsecured notes extinguished in December 2016. Please refer to Note 10 to consolidated financial statements for additional information. The loss on extinguishment of debt in 2015 is primarily due to the early extinguishment of the 2016 senior unsecured notes. The loss on extinguishment of debt in 2016 is due to the early extinguishment of the 2017 senior unsecured notes. The change in interest expense on our primary unsecured credit facility is due primarily to the net effect and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes. Please refer to Note 9 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our primary unsecured credit facility. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 2.83%, 3.63% and 3.82%, respectively. The 2017 decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily related to a reduction in professional service fees for tax and legal consulting and compensation costs as a result of execution of our strategic initiatives. Other expenses for 2017 primarily represents $40,730,000 of costs related to finalization of an agreement with the University of Toledo Foundation to transfer our corporate headquarters as a donation. Other expenses for all years also includes severance-related costs associated with the departure of certain executive officers and key employees. During 2017, we incurred expenses totaling approximately $3,811,000 in connection with the litigation captioned Welltower v. Brinker, Case No. G-4801-CI-0201702692-000 (Ct. Common Pleas, Toledo, Ohio). These expenses were offset by: 1) $4,000,000 we received pursuant to the terms of the settlement of the litigation; and 2) approximately $2,848,000 that Mr. Brinker was owed under his Separation Agreement with us, which was forgiven pursuant to the terms of the settlement of the litigation. Other expenses in 2015 also included costs associated with the termination of our investment in a strategic outpatient medical partnership. The fluctuations in income taxes are primarily due to benefits recognized in the year ended December 31, 2016 related to the release of a valuation allowance reserve on a taxable subsidiary and the restructuring of an unconsolidated investment. The decrease in preferred dividends and the preferred stock redemption charge are due to the redemption of our 6.5% Series J preferred stock during the three months ended March 31, 2017. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Non-GAAP Financial Measures We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders (“NICS”), as defined by U.S. GAAP, are the most appropriate earnings measurements. However, we consider FFO, NOI, SSNOI, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (“AEBITDA”) to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for depreciation. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. In response, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) created funds from operations attributable to common stockholders (“FFO”) as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation from net income. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, means NICS, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and impairment of depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests. Consolidated net operating income (“NOI”) is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses. Property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our seniors housing operating and outpatient medical facility properties. These expenses include, but are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees paid to operators, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and insurance. General and administrative expenses (excluded from NOI) represent costs unrelated to property operations. These expenses include, but are not limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office expenses, and depreciation of corporate fixed assets. Same store NOI (“SSNOI”) is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties under a consistent population which eliminates changes in the composition of our portfolio. As used herein, same store is generally defined as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the reporting period subsequent to January 1, 2015. Land parcels, loans, sub-leases and major capital restructurings as well as any properties acquired, developed/redeveloped, transitioned, sold or classified as held for sale during that period are excluded from the same store amounts. We believe NOI and SSNOI provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSNOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. EBITDA stands for earnings (net income) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We believe that EBITDA, along with net income and cash flow provided from operating activities, is an important supplemental measure because it provides additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our operations. We primarily utilize EBITDA to measure our interest coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by total interest, and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by fixed charges. Fixed charges include total interest, secured debt principal amortization, and preferred dividends. Covenants in our senior unsecured notes contain financial ratios based on a definition of EBITDA that is specific to those agreements. Failure to satisfy these covenants could result in an event of default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Due to the materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we have disclosed AEBITDA, which represents EBITDA as defined above excluding unconsolidated entities and adjusted for items per our covenant. We use AEBITDA to measure our adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents AEBITDA divided by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months basis. Fixed charges include total interest (excluding capitalized interest and non-cash interest expenses), secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. Our covenant requires an adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.50 times. Our supplemental reporting measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies. Management uses these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Additionally, these measures are utilized by the Board of Directors to evaluate management. None of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. Finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other REITs or other companies. 43 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The table below reflects the reconciliation of FFO to NICS, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Noncontrolling interest and unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of depreciation and amortization, gains/loss on real estate dispositions and impairments of assets. Amounts are in thousands except for per share data. 44 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The table below reflects the reconciliation of AEBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Dollars are in thousands. Our leverage ratios include book capitalization, undepreciated book capitalization, and market capitalization. Book capitalization represents the sum of net debt (defined as total long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents and any IRC section 1031 deposits), total equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests. Undepreciated book capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization. Market capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for the fair market value of our common stock. Our leverage ratios are defined as the proportion of net debt to total capitalization. The table below reflects the reconciliation of our leverage ratios to our balance sheets for the periods presented. Amounts are in thousands, except share price. 45 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following tables reflect the reconciliation of NOI and SSNOI to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the years presented. Dollar amounts are in thousands. 46 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions. Management considers accounting estimates or assumptions critical if: · the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and · the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. Management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to them. Management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future. However, since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change. If actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Please refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies that impact us and for the impact of new accounting standards, including accounting pronouncements that were issued but not yet adopted by us. The following table presents information about our critical accounting policies, as well as the material assumptions used to develop each estimate: 48 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 49 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek to mitigate the underlying foreign currency exposures with gains and losses on derivative contracts hedging these exposures. We seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the terms of new investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings to the extent possible. We may or may not elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to match our variable rate investments with comparable borrowings, but are also based on the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. This section is a discussion of the risks associated with potential fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. For more information, see Notes 11 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements. We historically borrow on our primary unsecured credit facility to acquire, construct or make loans relating to health care and seniors housing properties. Then, as market conditions dictate, we will issue equity or long-term fixed rate debt to repay the borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings were completed under indentures or contractual agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, in the event that we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money because of these limitations, our ability to acquire additional properties may be limited. A change in interest rates will not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. Interest rate changes, however, will affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt. Changes in the interest rate environment upon maturity of this fixed rate debt could have an effect on our future cash flows and earnings, depending on whether the debt is replaced with other fixed rate debt, variable rate debt or equity, or repaid by the sale of assets. To illustrate the impact of changes in the interest rate markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our fixed rate debt instruments whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates to determine the instruments’ change in fair value. The following table summarizes the analysis performed as of the dates indicated (in thousands): Our variable rate debt, including our primary unsecured credit facility, is reflected at fair value. At December 31, 2017, we had $2,294,678,000 outstanding related to our variable rate debt. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would result in increased annual interest expense of $22,947,000. At December 31, 2016, we had $2,311,996,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would have resulted in increased annual interest expense of $23,120,000. We are subject to currency fluctuations that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increases or decreases in the value of the Canadian Dollar or British Pounds Sterling relative to the U.S. Dollar impact the amount of net income we earn from our investments in Canada and the United Kingdom. Based solely on our results for the year ended December 31, 2017, including the impact of existing hedging arrangements, if these exchange rates were to increase or decrease by 10%, our net income from these investments would increase or decrease, as applicable, by less than $12,000,000. We will continue to mitigate these underlying foreign currency exposures with non-U.S. denominated borrowings and gains and losses on derivative contracts. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and health care properties outside the U.S., we may also decide to transact additional business or borrow funds in currencies other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars or British Pounds Sterling. To illustrate the impact of changes in foreign currency markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our derivative portfolio whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in foreign currency exchange rates to determine the instruments’ change in fair value. The following table summarizes the results of the analysis performed, excluding cross currency hedge activity (dollars in thousands): 51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Welltower Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Welltower Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1970. Toledo , Ohio February 28, 2018 52 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands) See accompanying notes 53 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands, except per share data) (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests See accompanying notes 54 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED) WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands) See accompanying notes 55 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES See accompanying notes 56 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands) (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. See accompanying notes. 57 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business Welltower Inc., an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The Company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people’s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower TM , a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. 2. Accounting Policies and Related Matters Use of Estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint venture (“JV”) entities that we control, through voting rights or other means. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. At inception of JV transactions, we identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights (“variable interest entities” or “VIEs”) and determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of its operations. A VIE is broadly defined as an entity where either (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do not have a controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. We consolidate investments in VIEs when we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810, Consolidations (“ASC 810”), requires enterprises to perform a qualitative approach to determining whether or not a VIE will need to be consolidated. This evaluation is based on an enterprise’s ability to direct and influence the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact that entity’s economic performance. For investments in JVs, U.S. GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). We assess the limited partners’ rights and their impact on our consolidation conclusions, and we reassess if there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We similarly evaluate the rights of managing members of limited liability companies. Revenue Recognition Revenue is recorded in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires that revenue be recognized after four basic criteria are met. These four criteria include persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the rendering of service, fixed and determinable income, and reasonably assured collectability. Interest income on loans is recognized as earned based upon the principal amount outstanding subject to an evaluation of collectability risk. Substantially all of our operating leases contain escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. Leases in our outpatient medical portfolio typically include some form of operating expense reimbursement by the tenant. Certain payments made to operators are treated as lease incentives and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. Lease agreements with residents generally have a term of one year and are cancelable by the resident with 30 days’ notice. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Restricted Cash Restricted cash primarily consists of amounts held by lenders to provide future payments for real estate taxes, insurance, tenant and capital improvements, amounts held in escrow relating to acquisitions we are entitled to receive over a period of time as outlined in the escrow agreement and net proceeds from property sales that were executed as tax-deferred dispositions under Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) section 1031 . At December 31, 2017, $5,843,000 of sales proceeds is on deposit in a IRC section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary. Deferred Loan Expenses Deferred loan expenses are costs incurred by us in connection with the issuance, assumption and amendments of debt arrangements. Deferred loan expenses related to debt instruments, excluding the primary unsecured credit facility, are recorded as a reduction of the related debt liability. Deferred loan expenses related to the primary unsecured credit facility are included in other assets. We amortize these costs over the term of the debt using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest 58 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS method. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities Investments in entities that we do not consolidate but have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are reported under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, our share of the investee’s earnings or losses is included in our consolidated results of operations. The initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities is based on the amount paid to purchase the entity interest inclusive of transaction costs. To the extent that our cost basis is different from the basis reflected at the entity level, the basis difference is generally amortized over the lives of the related assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in our share of equity in earnings of the entity. We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment based upon a comparison of the estimated fair value of the equity method investment to its carrying value. When we determine a decline in the estimated fair value of such an investment below its carrying value is other-than-temporary, an impairment is recorded. Marketable Securities We classify marketable securities as available-for-sale. These securities are carried at their fair value with unrealized gains and losses recognized in stockholders’ equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. When we determine declines in fair value of marketable securities are other-than-temporary, a loss is recognized in earnings. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Certain noncontrolling interests are redeemable at fair value. Accordingly, we record the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interests at the greater of (i) the initial carrying amount, increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest’s share of net income or loss and its share of other comprehensive income or loss, and dividends or (ii) the redemption value. If it is probable that the interests will be redeemed in the future, we accrete the carrying value to the redemption value over the period until expected redemption, currently a weighted-average period of approximately four years. In accordance with ASC 810, the redeemable noncontrolling interests are classified outside of permanent equity, as a mezzanine item, in the balance sheet. At December 31, 2017, the current redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests exceeded the carrying value of $375,194,000 by $29,587,000. During 2014 and 2015, we entered into DownREIT partnerships which give a real estate seller the ability to exchange its property on a tax deferred basis for equity membership interests (“OP units”). The OP units may be redeemed any time following the first anniversary of the date of issuance at the election of the holders for one share of our common stock per unit or, at our option, cash. Real Property Owned On January 1, 2017, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2017-01, Clarifying the Definition of a Business (“ASU 2017-01”) which narrows the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) definition of a business and provides a framework that gives entities a basis for making reasonable judgments about whether a transaction involves an asset or a business. ASU 2017-01 states that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, the acquired asset is not a business. If this initial test is not met, an acquired asset cannot be considered a business unless it includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. The primary differences between business combinations and asset acquisitions include recording the asset acquisition at relative fair value, capitalizing transaction costs, and the elimination of the measurement period in which to record adjustments to the transaction. We believe that substantially all our real estate acquisitions are considered asset acquisitions. We are applying ASU 2017-01 prospectively for acquisitions after January 1, 2017. Real property developed by us is recorded at cost, including the capitalization of construction period interest. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Regardless of whether an acquisition is considered an asset acquisition or a business combination, the cost of real property acquired, which represents substantially all of the purchase price, is allocated to net tangible and identifiable intangible assets based on their relative fair values. These properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives which range from 15 to 40 years for buildings and 5 to 15 years for improvements. Tangible assets primarily consist of land, buildings and improvements, including those related to capital leases. We consider costs incurred in conjunction with re-leasing properties, including tenant improvements and lease commissions, to represent the acquisition of productive assets and, accordingly, such costs are reflected as investment activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. The remaining purchase price is allocated among identifiable intangible assets primarily consisting of the above or below market component of in-place leases and the value associated with the presence of in-place leases. The value allocable to the above or below market component of the acquired in-place lease is determined based upon the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the acquired leases) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the lease over its remaining term, and (ii) management’s estimate of the amounts that would be paid using fair market rates over the remaining term of the lease. The amounts allocated to above market leases are included in acquired lease intangibles and below market leases are included in other liabilities in the balance sheet and are amortized to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases or lease-up period. The total amount of other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to in-place lease values and customer relationship values for in-place tenants based on management’s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease and our overall relationship with that respective tenant. Characteristics considered by management in allocating these values include the nature and extent of our 59 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS existing business relationships with the tenant, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant, the tenant’s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals, among other factors . The total amount of other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to in-place lease values for in-place residents with such value representing (i) value associated with lost revenue related to tenant reimbursable operating costs that would be incurred in an assumed re-leasing period, and (ii) value associated with lost rental revenue from existing leases during an assumed re-leasing period. This intangible asset will be amortized over the remaining life of the lease. The net book value of long-lived assets is reviewed quarterly on a property by property basis to determine if facts and circumstances suggest that the assets may be impaired or that the depreciable life may need to be changed. We consider external factors relating to each asset and the existence of a master lease which may link the cash flows of an individual asset to a larger portfolio of assets leased to the same tenant. If these factors and the projected undiscounted cash flows of the assets over the remaining depreciation period indicate that the assets will not be recoverable, the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair market value. In addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. A downturn in the real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us. Additionally, properties that meet the held-for-sale criteria are recorded at the lessor of fair value less costs to sell or the carrying value. Capitalization of Construction Period Interest We capitalize interest costs associated with funds used for the construction of properties owned directly by us. The amount capitalized is based upon the balance outstanding during the construction period using the rate of interest which approximates our Company-wide cost of financing. Our interest expense reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income has been reduced by the amounts capitalized. Gain on Real Estate Dispositions We recognize sales of real estate assets only upon the closing of the transaction with the purchaser. Payments received from purchasers prior to closing are recorded as deposits and classified as other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Gains on real estate assets sold are recognized using the full accrual method upon closing when (i) the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured, (ii) we are not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale to earn the profit, (iii) we have received adequate initial investment from the purchaser, and (iv) other profit recognition criteria have been satisfied. Gains may be deferred in whole or in part until the sales satisfy the requirements of gain recognition on sales of real estate. Real Estate Loans Receivable Real estate loans receivable consist of mortgage loans and other real estate loans. Interest income on loans is recognized as earned based upon the principal amount outstanding subject to an evaluation of collectability risks. The loans are primarily collateralized by a first, second or third mortgage lien, a leasehold mortgage on, or an assignment of the partnership interest in, the related properties, corporate guaranties and/or personal guaranties. Allowance for Losses on Loans Receivable The allowance for losses on loans receivable is maintained at a level believed adequate to absorb potential losses in our loans receivable. The determination of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of these loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. We evaluate the collectability of our loans receivable based on a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, historical loan charge-offs, financial strength of the borrower and guarantors, and value of the underlying collateral. If such factors indicate that there is greater risk of loan charge-offs, additional allowances or placement on non-accrual status may be required. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Consistent with this definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed impaired. To the extent circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we will return these loans to income accrual status. While a loan is on non-accrual status, any cash receipts are applied against the outstanding principal balance. Any loans with collectability concerns are subjected to a projected payoff valuation. The valuation is based on the expected future cash flows and/or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. The valuation is compared to the outstanding balance to determine the reserve needed for each loan. We may base our valuation on a loan’s observable market price, if any, or the fair value of collateral, net of sales costs, if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the collateral. Goodwill We account for goodwill in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and is tested for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount, including goodwill, exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value and the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of that goodwill. We have not had any goodwill impairments. Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Derivatives are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities. The valuation of derivative instruments requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. Fair values of our derivatives are estimated by 60 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS pricing models that consider the forward yield curves and discount rates. The fair value of our forward exchange contracts are estimated by pricing models that consider foreign currency spot rates, forward trade rates and discount rates. Such amounts and the recognition of such amounts are subject to significant estimates that may change in the future. See Note 11 for additional information. Federal Income Tax We have elected to be treated as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the IRC, commencing with our first taxable year, and made no provision for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior to our acquisition of our taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”). As a result of these as well as subsequent acquisitions, we now record income tax expense or benefit with respect to certain of our entities that are taxed as TRSs under provisions similar to those applicable to regular corporations and not under the REIT provisions. We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. See Note 18 for additional information. Foreign Currency Certain of our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are the local currencies of their respective countries. We translate the results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using average rates of exchange in effect during the period, and we translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. We record resulting currency translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders’ equity, on our consolidated balance sheets. We record transaction gains and losses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period adjusted for non-vested shares of restricted stock. The computation of diluted earnings per share is similar to basic earnings per share, except that the number of shares is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive common shares had been issued. Reclassifications Certain amounts in prior years have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. New Accounting Standards During the year ended December 31, 2017, we adopted the following additional accounting standards, each of which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements: · We adopted ASU No. 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting” on January 1, 2017, which allows companies to make a policy election as to whether they will include an estimate of awards expected to be forfeited or whether they will account for forfeitures as they occur. We elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. This election had an immaterial impact on our consolidated financial statements. The standard also requires an employer to classify as a financing activity in the consolidated statement of cash flow the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy the employer’s statutory income tax withholding obligation. This aspect of the standard is required to be applied on a retrospective basis and resulted in an increase in net cash provided by operating activities and a decrease in net cash used in financing activities of $10,369,000 and $9,131,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Upon adoption, no other provisions of ASU 2016-09 had an effect on our consolidated financial statements or related footnote disclosures. · During the three months ended December 31, 2017, we adopted ASU No. 2016-18, “Restricted Cash,” and ASU No. 2016-15, “Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.” ASU No. 2016-18 requires an entity to reconcile and explain the period over period change in total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash within its consolidated statement of cash flows and ASU 2016-15 provides guidance clarifying how certain cash receipts and cash payments should be classified. We adopted these accounting standards retrospectively and, accordingly, certain line items in the consolidated statement of cash flows have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. The following table summarizes the change in cash flows as reported and as previously reported prior to the adoption of these standards (in thousands): 61 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following ASUs have been issued but not yet adopted: · In 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606),” which is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. ASC 606 is effective for us beginning January 1, 2018 and we will use the modified retrospective method of adoption. We have evaluated our various revenue streams to identify whether they would be subject to the provisions of ASC 606 and any differences in timing, measurement, or presentation of revenue recognition. A significant source of our revenue is generated through leasing arrangements, which are specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. Management contracts are present in our seniors housing operating and outpatient medical segments and represent agreements to provide asset and property management, leasing, marketing and other services. We do not believe that the pattern and timing of recognition of income for these contracts will change under the provisions of ASC 606. In addition, revenue recognition for real estate sales is mainly based on the transfer of control and when it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the related consideration. We expect that the new guidance will result in more transactions qualifying as sales of real estate and being recognized at an earlier date than under the current guidance. · In 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments – Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,” which will require entities to measure their financial instrument investments at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicability exception. The practicability exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. This standard will require us to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our available-for-sale equity securities through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income rather than through accumulated other comprehensive income beginning in 2018. · In 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842),” which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on their consolidated balance sheet related to the rights and obligations created by most leases, while continuing to recognize expenses on their consolidated statements of comprehensive income over the lease term. It will also require disclosures designed to give financial statement users information regarding amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The FASB issued an Exposure Draft in January 2018 proposing to amend ASU 2016-02, which would provide lessors with a practical expedient, by class of underlying assets, to not separate non-lease components from the related lease components and, instead, to account for those components as a single lease component, if certain criteria are met. ASU 2016-02 and the Exposure Draft are effective for us beginning January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the consolidated financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements from both the lessee and lessor perspective. We believe that adoption will likely have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements for the recognition of certain operating leases as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and related amortizations. We expect to utilize the practical expedients proposed in the Exposure Draft as part of our adoption of this guidance. · In 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, “Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.” This standard requires a new forward-looking “expected loss” model to be used for receivables, held-to-maturity debt, loans, and other instruments. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 62 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS · In 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-05, “Other Income – Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic 610-20): Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets.” The standard clarifies that a financial asset is within the scope of Subtopic 610-20 if it meets the definition of an in substance nonfinancial asset. The standard also defines the term in substance nonfinancial asset and clarifies that an entity should identify each distinct nonfinancial asset or in substance nonfinancial asset promised to a counterparty and derecognize each asset when a counterparty obtains control over it. ASU 2017-05 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. Entities may use either a full or modified adoption approach. We are assessing the impact of the standard but do not expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 3. Real Property Acquisitions and Development The total purchase price for all properties acquired has been allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests based upon their relative fair values in accordance with our accounting policies. The results of operations for these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition and are a component of the appropriate segments. Transaction costs primarily represent costs incurred with property acquisitions, including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets acquired, lease termination fees, and other acquisition-related costs. Effective January 1, 2017, with our adoption of ASU 2017-01, transaction costs incurred for asset acquisitions are capitalized as a component of purchase price and all other non-capitalizable costs are reflected in “Other Expenses” on our consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Acquisitions that occurred prior to January 1, 2017, were accounted for as business combinations. Certain of our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are the local currencies of their respective countries. See Notes 2 and 11 for information regarding our foreign currency policies. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we finalized our purchase price allocation of certain previously reported acquisitions and there were no material changes from those previously disclosed. Triple-Net Activity The following provides our purchase price allocations and other triple-net real property investment activity for the periods presented (in thousands): Seniors Housing Operating Activity Acquisitions of seniors housing operating properties are structured under RIDEA, which is described in Note 18. This structure results in the inclusion of all resident revenues and related property operating expenses from the operation of these qualified health care properties in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating real property investment activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 63 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 64 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Outpatient Medical Activity The following is a summary of our outpatient medical real property investment activity for the periods presented (in thousands): Construction Activity The following is a summary of the construction projects that were placed into service and began generating revenues during the periods presented (in thousands): At December 31, 2017, future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases (excluding properties in our seniors housing operating partnerships and excluding any operating expense reimbursements) are as follows (in thousands): 65 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4. Real Estate Intangibles The following is a summary of our real estate intangibles, excluding those classified as held for sale, as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of real estate intangible amortization for the periods presented (in thousands): The future estimated aggregate amortization of intangible assets and liabilities is as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): 5. Dispositions, Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations We periodically sell properties for various reasons, including favorable market conditions, the exercise of tenant purchase options, or reduction of concentrations (e.g. property type, relationship, or geography). At December 31, 2017, 50 triple-net, three seniors housing operating and 20 outpatient medical properties with an aggregate net real estate balance of $734,147,000 were classified as held for sale. Secured debt related to the held for sale properties totaled $66,872,000. Impairment of assets, as reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income, primarily represents the charges necessary to adjust the carrying values of certain properties to estimated fair values less costs to sell. The following is a summary of our real property disposition activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 66 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS During the year ended December 31, 2016, we completed two portfolio dispositions of properties leased to Genesis HealthCare (“Genesis”) for which we received loans in the amount of $74,445,000 for termination fees relating to the properties sold under the master lease. The related termination fee income has been deferred and will be recognized as the principal balance of the loans are repaid. At December 31, 2017, $61,994,000 of principal is outstanding on the loans. Dispositions and Assets Held for Sale Pursuant to our adoption of ASU No. 2014-08, “Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity” (ASU 2014-08”), operating results attributable to properties sold subsequent to or classified as held for sale after January 1, 2014 and which do not meet the definition of discontinued operations are no longer reclassified on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following represents the activity related to these properties for the periods presented (in thousands): 6. Real Estate Loans Receivable The following is a summary of our real estate loans receivable (in thousands): The following is a summary of our real estate loan activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 67 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In 2016, we restructured two existing real estate loans in the triple-net segment to Genesis. The two existing loans, with a combined principal balance of $317,000,000, were scheduled to mature in 2017 and 2018. These loans were restructured into four separate loans effective October 1, 2016. Each loan had a five year term, a 10% interest rate and 25 basis point annual escalator. We recorded a loan loss charge in the amount of $6,935,000 on one of the loans as the present value of expected future cash flows was less than the carrying value of the loan. During 2017, we recorded a provision for loan loss of $62,966,000 relating to three real estate loans receivable to Genesis. The allowance for losses on loans receivable for these three loans totals $68,372,000 and is deemed to be sufficient to absorb expected losses relating to the loans. Such allowance was based on an estimation of expected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate for each loan. Please see Note 21 for additional information. The following is a summary of the allowance for losses on loans receivable for the periods presented (in thousands): WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following is a summary of our loan impairments (in thousands): 7. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities We participate in a number of joint ventures, which generally invest in seniors housing and health care real estate. The results of operations for these properties have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition by the joint ventures and are reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income as income or loss from unconsolidated entities. The following is a summary of our investments in unconsolidated entities (dollars in thousands): During the year ended December 31, 2017, we increased our ownership in Sunrise Senior Living Management, Inc. (“Sunrise”) from 24% to 34%. Sunrise provides comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to certain of our seniors housing operating properties that Sunrise operates, for which we pay annual management fees pursuant to long-term management agreements. Our management agreements with Sunrise have initial terms expiring through December 2032 plus, if applicable, optional renewal periods ranging from an additional 5 to 15 years depending on the property. The management fees payable to Sunrise under the management agreements include a fee based on a percentage of revenues generated by the applicable properties plus, if applicable, positive or negative adjustments based on specified performance targets. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recognized fees to Sunrise of $37,573,000, $37,751,000, and $36,403,000, respectively, the majority of which are reflected within property operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. At December 31, 2017, the aggregate unamortized basis difference of our joint venture investments of $110,063,000 is primarily attributable to the difference between the amount for which we purchased our interest in the entity, including transaction costs, and the historical carrying value of the net assets of the entity. This difference is being amortized over the remaining useful life of the related assets and included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated entities. Summary combined financial information for our investments in unconsolidated entities held for the periods presented is as follows (in thousands): 8. Credit Concentration 69 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We use consolidated net operating income (“NOI”) as our credit concentration metric. See Note 17 for additional information and reconciliation. The following table summarizes certain information about our credit concentration for the year ended December 31, 2017, excluding our share of NOI in unconsolidated entities (dollars in thousands): 9. Borrowings Under Credit Facilities and Related Items At December 31, 2017, we had a primary unsecured credit facility with a consortium of 29 banks that includes a $3,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, a $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility, and a $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility. We have an option, through an accordion feature, to upsize the unsecured revolving credit facility and the $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $1,000,000,000, in the aggregate, and the $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $250,000,000. The primary unsecured credit facility also allows us to borrow up to $1,000,000,000 in alternate currencies (none outstanding at December 31, 2017). Borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility are subject to interest payable at the applicable margin over LIBOR interest rate (2.46% at December 31, 2017). The applicable margin is based on certain of our debt ratings and was 0.90% at December 31, 2017. In addition, we pay a facility fee quarterly to each bank based on the bank’s commitment amount. The facility fee depends on certain of our debt ratings and was 0.15% at December 31, 2017. The term credit facilities mature on May 13, 2021. The revolving credit facility is scheduled to mature on May 13, 2020 and can be extended for two successive terms of six months each at our option. The following information relates to aggregate borrowings under the primary unsecured revolving credit facility for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 10. Senior Unsecured Notes and Secured Debt We may repurchase, redeem or refinance senior unsecured notes from time to time, taking advantage of favorable market conditions when available. We may purchase senior notes for cash through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or, in some cases, through the early redemption of such securities pursuant to their terms. The senior unsecured notes are redeemable at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (1) the principal amount of the notes (or portion of such notes) being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to the redemption date and (2) any “make-whole” amount due under the terms of the notes in connection with early redemptions. Redemptions and repurchases of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. At December 31, 2017, the annual principal payments due on these debt obligations were as follows (in thousands): 70 The following is a summary of our senior unsecured note principal activity during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of December 31, 2017, we believe we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. 71 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 11. Derivative Instruments We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. We may elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to manage the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. In addition, non-U.S. investments expose us to the potential losses associated with adverse changes in foreign currency to U.S. Dollar exchange rates. We have elected to manage these risks through the use of forward exchange contracts and issuing debt in foreign currencies. I nterest Rate Swap Contracts and Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Cash Flow Hedges For instruments that are designated as and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (“OCI”), and reclassified into earnings in the same period, or periods, during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in earnings. Approximately $914,000 of gains, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”), are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. Foreign Currency Hedges For instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the variability in the foreign currency to U.S. dollar of the instrument is recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment component of OCI. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we settled certain net investment hedges generating cash proceeds of $52,719,000 and $108,347,000, respectively. The balance of the cumulative translation adjustment will be reclassified to earnings when the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated. The following presents the notional amount of derivatives and other financial instruments as of the dates indicated (in thousands): The following presents the impact of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the periods presented (in thousands): 72 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 12. Commitments and Contingencies At December 31, 2017, we had fourteen outstanding letter of credit obligations totaling $159,151,000 and expiring between 2018 and 2024. At December 31, 2017, we had outstanding construction in process of $237,746,000 for leased properties and were committed to providing additional funds of approximately $429,815,000 to complete construction. At December 31, 2017, we had contingent purchase obligations totaling $11,832,000. These contingent purchase obligations relate to unfunded capital improvement obligations and contingent obligations on acquisitions. Rents due from the tenant are increased to reflect the additional investment in the property. In December 2017, we finalized an agreement with the University of Toledo Foundation to transfer our corporate headquarters as a gift and recognized an expense of $40,730,000. We evaluate our leases for operating versus capital lease treatment in accordance with ASC Topic 840 “Leases.” A lease is classified as a capital lease if it provides for transfer of ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, contains a bargain purchase option, has a lease term greater than 75% of the economic life of the leased asset, or if the net present value of the future minimum lease payments are in excess of 90% of the fair value of the leased asset. Certain leases contain bargain purchase options and have been classified as capital leases. At December 31, 2017, we had operating lease obligations of $1,125,098,000 relating to certain ground leases and Company office space. Regarding the ground leases, we have sublease agreements with certain of our operators that require the operators to reimburse us for our monthly operating lease obligations. At December 31, 2017, aggregate future minimum rentals to be received under these noncancelable subleases totaled $77,385,000. At December 31, 2017, future minimum lease payments due under operating and capital leases are as follows (in thousands): 13. Stockholders’ Equity The following is a summary of our stockholder’s equity capital accounts as of the dates indicated: 73 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Preferred Stock. The following is a summary of our preferred stock activity during the periods presented: During the three months ended March 31, 2011, we issued 14,375,000 of 6.50% Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock. These shares have a liquidation value of $50.00 per share. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. The preferred stock is not redeemable by us. The preferred shares are convertible, at the holder’s option, into 0.8460 shares of common stock (equal to an initial conversion price of approximately $59.10). During the year ended December 31, 2017, 4,940 shares of Series I preferred stock were converted into common stock. During the three months ended March 31, 2012, we issued 11,500,000 of 6.50% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized a charge of $9,769,000 in connection with the redemption of the Series J preferred stock. Common Stock . The following is a summary of our common stock activity during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands, except average price amounts): 74 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Dividends . The increase in dividends is primarily attributable to increases in our common shares outstanding, offset by the redemption of the Series J preferred stock, as described above. Please refer to Note 18 for information related to federal income tax of dividends. The following is a summary of our dividend payments (in thousands, except per share amounts): Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The following is a summary of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the periods presented (in thousands): 75 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Other Equity . Other equity consists of accumulated option compensation expense, which represents the amount of amortized compensation costs related to stock options awarded to employees and directors. 14. Stock Incentive Plans In May 2016, our shareholders approved the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2016 Plan”), which authorizes up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Awards granted after May 5, 2016 are issued out of the 2016 Plan. The awards granted under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan continue to vest and options expire ten years from the date of grant. Our non-employee directors, officers and key employees are eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan allows for the issuance of, among other things, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock units, and dividend equivalent rights. Vesting periods for options, deferred stock units, and restricted shares generally range from three to five years. Under our long-term incentive plan, certain restricted stock awards are market and performance based. We will grant a target number of restricted stock units, with the ultimate award determined by the total shareholder return and operating performance metrics, measured in each case over a measurement period of two to three years. Awards vest over two to three years after the end of the performance period with a portion vesting immediately at the end of the performance periods. The expected term represents the period from the grant date to the end of the performance period. Compensation expense for these performance grants is measured based on the probability of achievement of certain performance goals and is recognized over both the performance period and vesting period. For the portion of the grant for which the award is determined by the operating performance metrics, the compensation cost is based on the grant date closing price and management’s estimate of corporate achievement of the financial metrics. If the estimated number of performance based restricted stock to be earned changes, an adjustment will be recorded to recognize the accumulated difference between the revised and previous estimates. For the portion of the grant determined by the total shareholder return, management used a Monte Carlo model to assess the fair value and compensation cost. The following table summarizes compensation expense (a component of general and administrative expenses) recognized for the periods presented (in thousands): Stock Options We have not granted stock options since the year ended December 31, 2012 but some remain outstanding. As of December 31, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options. Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2017 have an aggregate intrinsic value of $1,346,000. 76 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Restricted Stock The fair value of the restricted stock is equal to the market price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant and is amortized over the vesting periods. As of December 31, 2017, there was $31,709,000 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of three years. The following table summarizes information about non-vested restricted stock incentive awards as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017: 15. Earnings Per Share The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data): Stock options outstanding were anti-dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock were excluded from the calculations as the effect of the conversions also were anti-dilutive. 77 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 16. Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments U.S. GAAP provides authoritative guidance for measuring and disclosing fair value measurements of assets and liabilities. The guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The guidance describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: · Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. · Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. · Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. Mortgage Loans and Other Real Estate Loans Receivable — The carrying value of mortgage loans and other real estate loans receivable is net of related reserves. The fair value is generally estimated by using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs such as discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash — The carrying amount approximates fair value. Available-for-sale Equity Investments — Available-for-sale equity investments are recorded at their fair value based on Level 1 publicly available trading prices. Borrowings Under Primary Unsecured Credit Facility — The carrying amount of the primary unsecured credit facility approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable. Senior Unsecured Notes — The fair value of the senior unsecured notes payable was estimated based on Level 1 publicly available trading prices. The carrying amount of the variable rate senior unsecured notes approximates fair value because they are interest rate adjustable. Secured Debt — The fair value of fixed rate secured debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The carrying amount of variable rate secured debt approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable. Foreign Currency Forward Contracts — Foreign currency forward contracts are recorded in other assets or other liabilities on the balance sheet at fair market value. Fair market value is determined using Level 2 inputs by estimating the future value of the currency pair based on existing exchange rates, comprised of current spot and traded forward points, and calculating a present value of the net amount using a discount factor based on observable traded interest rates. Redeemable OP Unitholder Interests — Our redeemable OP unitholder interests are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The fair value is measured using the closing price of our common stock, as units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, one share of our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows as of the dates presented (in thousands): 78 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The market approach is utilized to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The following summarizes items measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis In addition to items that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also have assets and liabilities in our balance sheet that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include those acquired/assumed in asset acquisitions and business combinations (see Note 3), and asset impairments (see Note 5 for impairments of real property and Note 6 for impairments of loans receivable). We have determined that the fair value measurements included in each of these assets and liabilities rely primarily on company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the use of the assets and settlement of liabilities as observable inputs are not available. As such, we have determined that each of these fair value measurements generally reside within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of real estate and related intangibles using the income approach and unobservable data such as net operating income and estimated capitalization and discount rates. We also consider local and national industry market data including comparable sales, and commonly engage an external real estate appraiser to assist us in our estimation of fair value. We estimate the fair value of assets held for sale based on current sales price expectations or, in the absence of such price expectations, Level 3 inputs described above. We estimate the fair value of loans receivable using projected payoff valuations based on the expected future cash flows and/or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. We may base our valuation on a loan’s observable market price, if any, or the fair value of collateral, net of sales costs, if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the collateral. We estimate the fair value of secured debt assumed in business combinations and asset acquisitions using current interest rates at which similar borrowings could be obtained on the transaction date. 79 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 17. Segment Reporting We invest in seniors housing and health care real estate. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three operating segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Our triple-net properties include long-term/post-acute care facilities, assisted living facilities, independent living/continuing care retirement communities, independent support living facilities (Canada), care homes with and without nursing (U.K.), and combinations thereof. Under the triple-net segment, we invest in seniors housing and health care real estate through acquisition and financing of primarily single tenant properties. Properties acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases and we are not involved in the management of the property. Our seniors housing operating properties include the seniors housing communities referenced above that are owned and/or operated through RIDEA structures (see Note 18). Our outpatient medical properties include outpatient medical buildings which are typically leased to multiple tenants and generally require a certain level of property management by us. We evaluate performance based upon consolidated net operating income (“NOI”) of each segment. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses. We believe NOI provides investors relevant and useful information because it measures the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. Non-segment revenue consists mainly of interest income on certain non-real estate investments and other income. Non-segment assets consist of corporate assets including cash, deferred loan expenses and corporate offices and equipment among others. Non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual segments in determining NOI . The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). The results of operations for all acquisitions described in Note 3 are included in our consolidated results of operations from the acquisition dates and are components of the appropriate segments. There are no intersegment sales or transfers. Summary information for the reportable segments (which excludes unconsolidated entities) during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in thousands): 80 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our portfolio of properties and other investments are located in the U.S., the U.K. and Canada. Revenues and assets are attributed to the country in which the property is physically located. The following is a summary of geographic information for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 81 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 18. Income Taxes and Distributions We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our first taxable year. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, at least 90% of taxable income (excluding 100% of net capital gains) must be distributed to stockholders. REITs that do not distribute a certain amount of current year taxable income are also subject to a 4% federal excise tax. The main differences between net income for federal income tax purposes and consolidated financial statement purposes are the recognition of straight-line rent for reporting purposes, basis differences in acquisitions, recording of impairments, differing useful lives and depreciation and amortization methods for real property and the provision for loan losses for reporting purposes versus bad debt expense for tax purposes. Cash distributions paid to common stockholders, for federal income tax purposes, are as follows for the periods presented: Our consolidated provision for income tax expense (benefit) is as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): REITs generally are not subject to U.S. federal income taxes on that portion of REIT taxable income or capital gain that is distributed to stockholders. For the tax year ended December 31, 2017, as a result of acquisitions located in Canada and the U.K., we were subject to foreign income taxes under the respective tax laws of these jurisdictions. The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily relates to state taxes, foreign taxes, and taxes based on income generated by entities that are structured as TRSs. For the tax years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the foreign tax provision/(benefit) amount included in the consolidated provision for income taxes was $4,806,000, ($3,315,000) and $7,385,000, respectively. 82 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A reconciliation of income taxes, which is computed by applying the federal corporate tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, to the income tax expense/(benefit) is as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): Each TRS and foreign entity subject to income taxes is a tax paying component for purposes of classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax effects of taxable and deductible temporary differences, as well as tax asset/(liability) attributes, are summarized as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): We assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. We apply the concepts on an entity-by-entity, jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. With respect to the analysis of certain entities in multiple jurisdictions, a significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ended December 31, 2017. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as our projections for future growth. On the basis of the evaluations performed as required by the codification, valuation allowances totaling $127,283,000 were recorded on U.S. taxable REIT subsidiaries as well as entities in other jurisdictions to limit the deferred tax assets to the amount that we believe is more likely that not realizable. However, the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable could be adjusted if (i) estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased or (ii) objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present (and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth). The valuation allowance rollforward is summarized as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): As a result of certain acquisitions, we are subject to corporate level taxes for any related asset dispositions that may occur during the five-year period immediately after such assets were owned by a C corporation (“built-in gains tax”). The amount of income potentially subject to this special corporate level tax is generally equal to the lesser of (a) the excess of the fair value of the asset over its adjusted tax basis as of the date it became a REIT asset, or (b) the actual amount of gain. Some but not all gains recognized during this period of time could be offset by available net operating losses and capital loss carryforwards. During the year ended December 31, 2016, we acquired certain additional assets with built-in gains as of the date of acquisition that could be subject to the built-in gains tax if disposed of prior to the expiration of the applicable ten-year period. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability as a result of the potential built-in gains tax based on our intentions with respect to such properties and available tax planning strategies. Under the provisions of the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 (“RIDEA”), for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008, the REIT may lease “qualified health care properties” on an arm’s-length basis to a TRS if the property 83 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an “eligible independent contractor.” Generally, the rent received from the TRS will meet the related party rent exception and will be treated as “rents from real property.” A “qualified health care property” includes real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients. We have entered into various joint ventures that were structured under RIDEA. Resident level rents and related operating expenses for these facilities are reported in the consolidated financial statements and are subject to federal, state and foreign income taxes as the operations of such facilities are included in a TRS. Certain net operating loss carryforwards could be utilized to offset taxable income in future years . Given the applicable statute of limitations, we generally are subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the year ended December 31, 2014 and subsequent years. The statute of limitations may vary in the states in which we own properties or conduct business. We do not expect to be subject to audit by state taxing authorities for any year prior to the year ended December 31, 2011. We are also subject to audit by the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial authorities generally for periods subsequent to May 2012 related to entities acquired or formed in connection with acquisitions, and by the U.K.’s HM Revenue & Customs for periods subsequent to August 2012 related to entities acquired or formed in connection with acquisitions. At December 31, 2017, we had a net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforward related to the REIT of $448,475,000 . Due to our uncertainty regarding the realization of certain deferred tax assets, we have not recorded a deferred tax asset related to NOLs generated by the REIT. These amounts can be used to offset future taxable income (and/or taxable income for prior years if an audit determines that tax is owed), if any. The REIT will be entitled to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards only to the extent that REIT taxable income exceeds our deduction for dividends paid. The NOL carryforwards generated through December 31, 2017 will expire through 2036. Beginning with tax years after December 31, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Tax Act”) eliminates the carryback period, limits the NOLs to 80% of taxable income and replaces the 20-year carryforward period with an indefinite carryforward period. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had an NOL carryforward related to Canadian entities of $134,552,000, and $104,988,000, respectively. These Canadian losses have a 20-year carryforward period . At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had an NOL carryforward related to U.K. entities of $183,712,000 and $158,156,000, respectively. These U.K. losses do not have a finite carryforward period. We did not identify items for which the income tax effects of the Tax Act have not been completed and a reasonable estimate could not be determined as of December 31, 2017. Our analysis of the Tax Act may be impacted by any corrective legislation and any guidance provided by the U.S. Treasury, the IRS or by the General Explanation of the Tax Act, which is under preparation by the Staff of the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation. Based on the Tax Act as enacted, we do not believe there will be further material impacts to the consolidated financial statements related to the other Tax Act provisions but cannot assure you as to the outcome of this matter. 84 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands, except per share data). The sum of individual quarterly amounts may not agree to the annual amounts included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income due to rounding. 20. Variable Interest Entities We have entered into joint ventures to own certain seniors housing and outpatient medical assets which are deemed to be variable interest entities (“VIEs”). We have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of these VIEs based on a combination of operational control of the joint venture and the rights to receive residual returns or the obligation to absorb losses arising from the joint ventures. Except for capital contributions associated with the initial joint venture formations, the joint ventures have been and are expected to be funded from the ongoing operations of the underlying properties. Accordingly, such joint ventures have been consolidated, and the table below summarizes the balance sheets of consolidated VIEs in the aggregate (in thousands): 21. Subsequent Events Genesis Restructuring. Subsequent to December 31, 2017, we entered into agreements with Genesis, our largest triple-net relationship, which included the following terms: · Master Lease: Effective January 1, 2018, the Genesis annual cash rent obligation under the Welltower master lease was reduced by $35 million and the term was extended by 5 years. Additionally, lease escalators will be set to 2.5% in year one and 2% thereafter, and rent will be reset on January 31, 2023 in such fashion to permit the rent payable to Welltower to increase up to $35 million subject to increases in Genesis’s EBITDAR relative to the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2017, generated by the properties comprising the Welltower master lease portfolio. · Term Loan: Welltower and Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (“Omega”) have entered into an agreement with Genesis to amend and expand the existing Genesis $120 million term loan agreement. Welltower will fund a $24 million tranche and will receive priority of repayment among lenders. WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS · Real Estate Loans: As of December 31, 2017, Welltower had approximately $267 million (excluding allowances and non-accrual interest) of real estate loans. Welltower and Genesis have entered into a definitive agreement to amend the annual interest rate beginning February 15, 2018 to 12%, of which 7% will be paid in cash and 5% will be paid-in-kind. · Interest: Genesis continues to seek refinancing and asset sale transactions to secure commitments to repay no less than $105 million of obligations. If Genesis is unsuccessful in securing such commitments or otherwise reducing the outstanding obligation on or before April 1, 2018, the cash pay component of loan interest will increase by approximately $2 million annually. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 based on the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in a report entitled Internal Control — Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, using the criteria above, management concluded that the Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. The independent registered public accounting firm of Ernst & Young LLP, as auditors of the Company’s consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) occurred during the fourth quarter of the one-year period covered by this report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 87 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Welltower Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial reporting We have audited Welltower Inc. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 , based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO Criteria”). In our opinion, Welltower Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 , based on the COSO Criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Welltower Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index at Item 15(a) of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Toledo , Ohio February 28, 2018 Item 9B. Other Information None. 88 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings “Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance,” “Executive Officers,” and “Security Ownership of Directors and Management and Certain Beneficial Owners — Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) prior to May 1, 2018. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. The code is posted on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. Any amendment to, or waivers from, the code that relate to any officer or director of the Company will be promptly disclosed on the Internet at www.welltower.com. In addition, the Board has adopted charters for the Audit, Compensation and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees. These charters are posted on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. Please refer to “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Executive Summary – Corporate Governance” in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of corporate governance. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings “Executive Compensation” and “Director Compensation” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to May 1, 2018. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings “Security Ownership of Directors and Management and Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to May 1, 2018. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the headings “Corporate Governance — Independence and Meetings” and “Security Ownership of Directors and Management and Certain Beneficial Owners — Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to May 1, 2018. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the heading “Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission prior to May 1, 2018. 89 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) 1. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8: 2. The following Financial Statement Schedules are included beginning on page 97: III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation IV – Mortgage Loans on Real Estate The financial statement schedule required by Item15(a) (Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts) is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed below are either filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference in accordance with Rule 12b-32 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 90 3.1(a) Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 20, 2000 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(b) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 20, 2000 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed June 13, 2003 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(d) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.9 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2007 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(e) Certificate of Change of Location of Registered Office and of Registered Agent of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(f) Certificate of Designation of 6.50% Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 7, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(g) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(h) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 6, 2014 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.1(i) Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 30, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed October 30, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(a) Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 15, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(b) Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 15, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 15, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(c) Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of June 18, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed June 18, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(d) Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of April 7, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed April 7, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(e) Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of June 8, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed June 8, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 91 4.1(f) Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of September 10, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed September 13, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(g) Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of November 16, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 16, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(h) Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of March 14, 2011, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 14, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(i) Supplemental Indenture No. 6, dated as of April 3, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed April 4, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(j) Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of December 6, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed December 11, 2012 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(k) Supplemental Indenture No. 8, dated as of October 7, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed October 9, 2013 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(l) Supplemental Indenture No. 9, dated as of November 20, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 20, 2013 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(m) Supplemental Indenture No. 10, dated as of November 25, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(n) Supplemental Indenture No. 11, dated as of May 26, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 27, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(o) Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Indenture No. 11, dated as of October 19, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed October 20, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.1(p) Supplemental Indenture No. 12, dated as of March 1, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 3, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.2 Form of Indenture for Senior Subordinated Debt Securities (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-73936) filed November 21, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.3 Form of Indenture for Junior Subordinated Debt Securities (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-73936) filed November 21, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.4(a) Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2015, by and among HCN Canadian Holdings-1 LP, the Company and BNY Trust Company of Canada (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.5(a) to the Company’s Form 10-K filed February 18, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 4.4(b) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2015, by and among HCN Canadian Holdings-1 LP, the Company and BNY Trust Company of Canada (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 4.5(b) to the Company’s Form 10-K filed February 18, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 92 10.1 Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2016 by and among the Company; the lenders listed therein; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, L/C issuer and a swingline lender; Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as documentation agent; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as U.S. joint lead arrangers; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, as Canadian joint lead arrangers; and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as joint book runners (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 10.2 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2011, by and among the Company, FC-GEN Investment, LLC and FC-GEN Operations Investment, LLC (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed February 28, 2011 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 10.3(a) Amended and Restated Health Care REIT, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Appendix A to the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed March 25, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.3(b) Form of Stock Option Agreement (with Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.3(c) Form of Stock Option Agreement (without Dividend Equivalent Rights) for Executive Officers under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.3(d) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the Chief Executive Officer under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.3(e) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Executive Officers under the Amended and Restated 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2010 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.4(a) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2017, between the Company and Thomas J. DeRosa (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4(a) to the Company’s Form 10-K filed February 22, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.4(b) Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, dated effective as of July 30, 2014, between the Company and Thomas J. DeRosa (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed November 4, 2014 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.5(a) Employment Contract, dated May 6, 2014, between HCN UK Management Services Limited and John Goodey.* 10.5(b) Deed of Assignment and Amendment of Employment Contract, dated effective October 3, 2017, between HCN UK Management Services Limited, John Goodey, and the Company.* 10.6 Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 16, 2017, between the Company and Scott A. Estes (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed July 28, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.7 Resignation Agreement, dated October 3, 2017, between the Company and Scott A. Estes (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.8 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2008, between the Company and Jeffrey H. Miller (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 2, 2009 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 93 10.9 Executive Retirement Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and between Jeffery H. Miller and the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Form 10-K filed February 22, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.10 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 16, 2017, by and between the Company and Mercedes T. Kerr (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed July 28, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.11 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each director, executive officer and officer of the Company (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed February 18, 2005 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.12 Summary of Director Compensation.* 10.13(a) Health Care REIT, Inc. 2015-2017 Long-Term Incentive Program (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.13(b) Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2015-2017 Long-Term Incentive Program (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2015 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.14(a) Welltower Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.14(b) Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice for Executive Officers under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan.* 10.14(c) Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice for Senior Vice Presidents under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan.* 10.14(d) Form of Deferred Stock Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan.* 10.15(a) Welltower Inc. 2016-2018 Long-Term Incentive Program (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2016 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.15(b) Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2016-2018 Long-Term Incentive Program.* 10.16(a) Welltower Inc. 2017-2019 Long-Term Incentive Program (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.16(b) Form of Award Notice under the 2017-2019 Long-Term Incentive Program.* 10.16(c) Welltower Inc. 2017-2019 Long-Term Incentive Program – Bridge 1 (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.16(d) Form of Award Notice under the 2017-2019 Long Term Incentive Program – Bridge 1.* 10.16(e) Welltower Inc. 2017-2019 Long-Term Incentive Program – Bridge 2 (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2017 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto).* 10.16(f) Form of Award Notice under the 2017-2019 Long Term Incentive Program – Bridge 2.* 10.17(a) Welltower Inc. 2018-2020 Long-Term Incentive Program.* 10.17(b) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018-2020 Long-Term Incentive Program.* 12 Statement Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends (Unaudited). 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 94 24 Powers of Attorney. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document** 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document** 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document** 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document** 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document** 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document** Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 95 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 28, 2018 WELLTOWER INC. By: /s/ T homas J. DeRosa Thomas J. DeRosa, Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 28, 2018 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 96 97 98 99 100 101 105 107 108 109