10-Q 1 10-Q.htm 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 or For the transition period from to Commission file number: 1-8923 WELLTOWER INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter ) (419) 247-2800 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ☑ No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No ☑ As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 362,531,659 shares of common stock outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands) NOTE: The consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands, except per share data) * Amounts may not sum due to rounding (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands) See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands) See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (In thousands) See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 7 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business Welltower Inc., an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people’s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower™, a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), owns interests in 1,464 properties in major, high-growth markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties . Founded in 1970, we were the first real estate investment trust to invest exclusively in health care facilities. 2. Accounting Policies and Related Matters Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) for interim financial information and with instructions to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we determined that an immaterial portion of our noncontrolling interests related to a 2015 transaction was misclassified in permanent equity rather than temporary equity based on a redemption feature of the partnership agreement and we have corrected the $114,714,000 misclassification by recording the change in the consolidated statement of equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily an indication of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. New Accounting Standards In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)”. The standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard. In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, “Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis”, which makes certain changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model, including changes to (1) the identification of variable interests (fees paid to a decision maker or service provider), (2) the variable interest entity characteristics for a limited partnership or similar entity and (3) the primary beneficiary determination. We adopted ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016. This guidance did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, “Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments” to simplify the accounting for business combinations, specifically as it relates to measurement-period adjustments. Acquiring entities in a business combination must recognize measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Also, ASU 2015-16 requires entities to present separately on the face of the income statement (or disclose in the notes to the financial statements) the portion of the amount recorded in the current period earnings, by line item, that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. We adopted ASU 2015-16 on January 1, 2016. This guidance did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments – Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,” which will require entities to measure their investments at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicability exception. The practicability exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842),” which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheet related to the rights and obligations created by most leases, while continuing to recognize expenses on their income statements over the lease term. It will also require disclosures designed to give financial statement users information 8 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS regarding the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”. This standard simplifies the accounting treatment for excess tax benefits and deficiencies, forfeitures, and cash flow considerations related to share-based compensation. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the standard; however, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, “Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments”. This standard requires a new forward-looking “expected loss” model to be used for receivables, held-to-maturity debt, loans, and other instruments. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 3. Real Property Acquisitions and Development The total purchase price for all properties acquired has been allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests based upon their respective fair values in accordance with our accounting policies. The results of operations for these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition and are a component of the appropriate segments. Transaction costs primarily represent costs incurred with property acquisitions, including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets acquired, lease termination fees and other acquisition-related costs. Certain of our subsidiaries’ functional currencies are the local currencies of their respective countries. See Note 2 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for information regarding our foreign currency policies. Triple-net Activity 9 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Seniors Housing Operating Activity Outpatient Medical Activity 10 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Construction Activity The following is a summary of the construction projects that were placed into service and began generating revenues during the periods presented (in thousands): 4. Real Estate Intangibles The following is a summary of our real estate intangibles, excluding those classified as held for sale, as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of real estate intangible amortization for the periods presented (in thousands): The future estimated aggregate amortization of intangible assets and liabilities is as follows for the periods presented (in 11 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS thousands): 5. Dispositions, Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations We periodically sell properties for various reasons, including favorable market conditions or the exercise of tenant purchase options. Of our total sales proceeds, $27,803,000 was deposited in an Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchange escrow account with a qualified intermediary. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges on certain held-for-sale triple-net properties as the fair values less estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values. The following is a summary of our real property disposition activity for the periods presented (in thousands): Dispositions and Assets Held for Sale Pursuant to our adoption of ASU No. 2014-08, “Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity”, operating results attributable to properties sold subsequent to or classified as held for sale after January 1, 2014 and which do not meet the definition of discontinued operations are no longer reclassified on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The following represents the activity related to these properties for the periods presented (in thousands): 6. Real Estate Loans Receivable The following is a summary of our real estate loan activity for the periods presented (in thousands): 12 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We recorded no provision for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, we had no real estate loans with outstanding balances on non-accrual status and no allowances for loan losses were recorded. 7. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities We participate in a number of joint ventures, which generally invest in seniors housing and health care real estate. The results of operations for these properties have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition by the joint ventures and are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as income or loss from unconsolidated entities. The following is a summary of our investments in unconsolidated entities (dollars in thousands): At September 30, 2016, the aggregate unamortized basis difference of our joint venture investments of $150,644,000 is primarily attributable to the difference between the amount for which we purchase our interest in the entity, including transaction costs, and the historical carrying value of the net assets of the entity. This difference will be amortized over the remaining useful life of the related properties and included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated entities. 8. Credit Concentration We use net operating income from continuing operations (“NOI”) as our credit concentration metric. See Note 17 for additional information and reconciliation. The following table summarizes certain information about our credit concentration for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, excluding our share of NOI in unconsolidated entities (dollars in thousands): 13 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 9. Borrowings Under Credit Facilities and Related Items At September 30, 2016, we had a primary unsecured credit facility with a consortium of 29 banks that includes a $3,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, a $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility and a $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility. We have an option, through an accordion feature, to upsize the unsecured revolving credit facility and the $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $1,000,000,000, in the aggregate, and the $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $250,000,000. The primary unsecured credit facility also allows us to borrow up to $1,000,000,000 in alternate currencies (none outstanding at September 30, 2016). Borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility are subject to interest payable at the applicable margin over LIBOR interest rate (1.43% at September 30, 2016). The applicable margin is based on certain of our debt ratings and was 0.90% at September 30, 2016. In addition, we pay a facility fee quarterly to each bank based on the bank’s commitment amount. The facility fee depends on certain of our debt ratings and was 0.15% at September 30, 2016. The term credit facilities mature on May 13, 2021. The revolving credit facility is scheduled to mature on May 13, 2020 and can be extended for two successive terms of six months each at our option. The following information relates to aggregate borrowings under the primary unsecured revolving credit facility for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 10. Senior Unsecured Notes and Secured Debt We may repurchase, redeem or refinance senior unsecured notes from time to time, taking advantage of favorable market conditions when available. We may purchase senior notes for cash through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or, in some cases, through the early redemption of such securities pursuant to their terms. The senior unsecured notes are redeemable at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (1) the principal amount of the notes (or portion of such notes) being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to the redemption date and (2) any “make-whole” amount due under the terms of the notes in connection with early redemptions. Redemptions and repurchases of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. At September 30, 2016, the annual principal payments due on these debt obligations were as follows (in thousands): 14 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following is a summary of our senior unsecured notes principal activity during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 15 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. 11. Derivative Instruments We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. We may elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to manage the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. In addition, non-U.S. investments expose us to the potential losses associated with adverse changes in foreign currency to U.S. Dollar exchange rates. We may elect to manage this risk through the use of forward contracts and issuing debt in foreign currencies. Interest Rate Swap Contracts and Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Cash Flow Hedges For instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (“OCI”), and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods, during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in earnings. Approximately $5,555,000 of gains, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”), are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. Foreign Currency Hedges For instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the variability in the foreign currency to U.S. Dollar of the instrument is recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment component of OCI. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we settled certain net investment hedges generating cash proceeds of $56,842,000 and $103,615,000, respectively. The balance of the cumulative translation adjustment will be reclassified to earnings when the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated. The following presents the notional amount of derivatives and other financial instruments as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 16 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following presents the impact of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the periods presented (in thousands): 17 12. Commitments and Contingencies At September 30, 2016, we had ten outstanding letter of credit obligations totaling $88,188,000 and expiring between 2016 and 2018. At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding construction in progress of $529,471,000 and were committed to providing additional funds of approximately $515,980,000 to complete construction. Purchase obligations include contingent purchase obligations totaling $18,566,000 which relate to unfunded capital improvement obligations and contingent obligations on acquisitions. Rents due from the tenant are increased to reflect the additional investment in the property. We evaluate our leases for operating versus capital lease treatment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 840 “Leases.” A lease is classified as a capital lease if it provides for transfer of ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, contains a bargain purchase option, has a lease term greater than 75% of the economic life of the leased asset, or if the net present value of the future minimum lease payments are in excess of 90% of the fair value of the leased asset. Certain leases contain bargain purchase options and have been classified as capital leases. At September 30, 2016, we had operating lease obligations of $1,109,001,000 relating to certain ground leases and company office space and capital lease obligations of $95,018,000 relating primarily to certain investment properties. Regarding ground leases, we have sublease agreements with certain of our operators that require the operators to reimburse us for our monthly operating lease obligations. At September 30, 2016 , aggregate future minimum rentals to be received under these noncancelable subleases totaled $74,069,000. 13. Stockholders’ Equity The following is a summary of our stockholders’ equity capital accounts as of the dates indicated: Common Stock. The following is a summary of our common stock issuances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): Dividends . The increase in dividends is primarily attributable to increases in our common shares outstanding as described above and an increase in common dividends per share. The following is a summary of our dividend payments (in thousands, except per share amounts): 18 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The following is a summary of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the periods presented (in thousands): 14. Stock Incentive Plans Our 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2016 Plan”) authorizes up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Our non-employee directors, officers and key employees are eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan allows for the issuance of, among other things, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock units and dividend equivalent rights. Vesting periods for options, deferred stock units and restricted shares generally range from three to five years. Options expire ten years from the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense totaled $5,401,000 and $20,618,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $5,477,000 and $25,655,000 for the same periods in 2015. 15. Earnings Per Share The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data): 19 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Series I Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock was not included in the calculations as the effect of conversions into common stock was anti-dilutive. 16. Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments U.S. GAAP provides authoritative guidance for measuring and disclosing fair value measurements of assets and liabilities. The guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The guidance describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Please see Note 2 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. Mortgage Loans and Other Real Estate Loans Receivable — The fair value of mortgage loans and other real estate loans receivable is generally estimated by using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs such as discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Cash and Cash Equivalents — The carrying amount approximates fair value. Available-for-sale Equity Investments — Available-for-sale equity investments are recorded at their fair value based on Level 1 publicly available trading prices. 20 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Borrowings Under Primary Unsecured Credit Facility — The carrying amount of the primary unsecured credit facility approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable. Senior Unsecured Notes — The fair value of the fixed rate senior unsecured notes was estimated based on Level 1 publicly available trading prices. The carrying amount of variable rate senior unsecured notes approximates fair value because they are interest rate adjustable. Secured Debt — The fair value of fixed rate secured debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The carrying amount of variable rate secured debt approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable. Foreign Currency Forward Contracts — Foreign currency forward contracts are recorded in other assets or other liabilities on the balance sheet at fair market value. Fair market value is determined using Level 2 inputs by estimating the future value of the currency pair based on existing exchange rates, comprised of current spot and traded forward points, and calculating a present value of the net amount using a discount factor based on observable traded interest rates. Redeemable OP Unitholder Interests — The fair value of our redeemable unitholder interests are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The fair value is measured using the closing price of our common stock, as units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, one share of our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows (in thousands): Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The market approach is utilized to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The following summarizes items measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 21 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis In addition to items that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also have assets and liabilities in our balance sheet that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. As these assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, they are not included in the tables above. Assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include those acquired/assumed in business combinations (see Note 3) and asset impairments (if applicable, see Note 5 for impairments of real property and Note 6 for impairments of loans receivable). We have determined that the fair value measurements included in each of these assets and liabilities rely primarily on company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the use of the assets and settlement of liabilities, as observable inputs are not available. As such, we have determined that each of these fair value measurements generally resides within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of real estate and related intangibles using the income approach and unobservable data such as net operating income and estimated capitalization and discount rates. We also consider local and national industry market data including comparable sales, and commonly engage an external real estate appraiser to assist us in our estimation of fair value. We estimate the fair value of assets held for sale based on current sales price expectations or, in the absence of such price expectations, Level 3 inputs described above. We estimate the fair value of secured debt assumed in business combinations using current interest rates at which similar borrowings could be obtained on the transaction date. 17. Segment Reporting We invest in seniors housing and health care real estate. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three operating segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we reclassified four properties previously classified in the triple-net segment to the outpatient medical segment. Accordingly, the segment information provided in this Note has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation for all periods presented. Our triple-net properties include long-term/post-acute care facilities, assisted living facilities, independent living/continuing care retirement communities, care homes (United Kingdom), independent support living facilities (Canada), care homes with nursing (United Kingdom) and combinations thereof. Under the triple-net segment, we invest in seniors housing and health care real estate through acquisition and financing of primarily single tenant properties. Properties acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases and we are not involved in the management of the property. Our seniors housing operating properties include the seniors housing communities referenced above that are owned and/or operated through RIDEA structures (see Notes 3 and 18). Our outpatient medical properties include outpatient medical buildings and, during past years, life science buildings which are aggregated into our outpatient medical reportable segment. Our outpatient medical buildings are typically leased to multiple tenants and generally require a certain level of property management. During the three months ended June 30, 2015, we disposed of our life science investments. We evaluate performance based upon NOI by segment. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property level operating expenses. We believe NOI provides investors relevant and useful information because it measures the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. Non-segment revenue consists mainly of interest income on non-real estate investments and other income. Non-segment assets consist of corporate assets including cash, deferred loan expenses and corporate offices and equipment among others. Non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual segments in determining NOI. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). The results of operations for all acquisitions described in Note 3 are included in our consolidated results of operations from the acquisition dates and are components of the appropriate segments. There are no intersegment sales or transfers. Summary information for the reportable segments is as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): 22 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 23 24 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our portfolio of properties and other investments are located in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada. Revenues and assets are attributed to the country in which the property is physically located. The following is a summary of geographic information for our operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 18. Income Taxes and Distributions We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our first taxable year. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, at least 90% of taxable income (excluding 100% of net capital gains) must be distributed to stockholders. REITs that do not distribute a certain amount of current year taxable income in the current year are also subject to a 4% federal excise tax. The main differences between undistributed net income for federal income tax purposes and financial statement purposes are the recognition of straight-line rent for reporting purposes, basis differences in acquisitions, recording of impairments, differing useful lives and depreciation and amortization methods for real property and the provision for loan losses for reporting purposes versus bad debt expense for tax purposes. Under the provisions of the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 (“RIDEA”), for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008, a REIT may lease “qualified health care properties” on an arm’s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”) if the property is operated on behalf of such TRS by a person who qualifies as an “eligible independent contractor.” Generally, the rent received from the TRS will meet the related party rent exception and will be treated as “rents from real property.” A “qualified health care property” includes real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients. We have entered into various joint ventures that were structured under RIDEA. Resident level rents and related operating expenses for these facilities are reported in the unaudited consolidated financial statements and are subject to federal and state income taxes as the operations of such facilities are included in TRS entities. Certain net operating loss carryforwards could be utilized to offset taxable income in future years. Income taxes reflected in the financial statements primarily represents U.S. federal and state and local income taxes as well as non-U.S. income based or withholding taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. The provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was primarily due to operating income or losses, offset by certain discrete items at our TRS entities. In 2014, we established certain wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries in Luxembourg and Jersey and transferred interests in certain foreign investments into this holding company structure. The structure includes a property holding company that is tax resident in the United Kingdom. No material adverse current tax consequences in Luxembourg, Jersey or the United Kingdom resulted from the creation of this holding company structure and all of the subsidiary entities in the structure are treated as disregarded entities of the company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The company reflects current and deferred tax liabilities for any such withholding taxes incurred as a result of this holding company structure in its consolidated financial statements. Generally, given current statutes of limitations, we are subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the year ended December 31, 2012 and subsequent years and by state taxing authorities for the year ended December 31, 2011 and subsequent years. The company and its subsidiaries are also subject to audit by the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial authorities generally for periods subsequent to our initial investments in Canada in May 2012, by HM Revenue & 25 WELLTOWER INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Customs for periods subsequent to our initial investments in the United Kingdom in August 2012 and by Luxembourg taxing authorities generally for periods subsequent to our establishment of certain Luxembourg-based subsidiaries during 2014. 19. Variable Interest Entities We have entered into joint ventures to own certain seniors housing and outpatient medical assets which are deemed to be variable interest entities (“VIE”). We have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of these VIE’s based on a combination of operational control of the joint venture and the rights to receive residual returns or the obligation to absorb losses arising from the joint ventures. Except for capital contributions associated with the initial joint venture formations, the joint ventures have been and are expected to be funded from the ongoing operations of the underlying properties. Accordingly, such joint ventures have been consolidated, and the table below summarizes the balance sheets of consolidated VIE’s in the aggregate (in thousands): 20. Subsequent Events On November 1, 2016, we completed a disposition of properties leased to Genesis Healthcare generating approximately $1.1 billion in proceeds. These assets did not meet held for sale classification at September 30, 2016 due to the execution risk associated with the transaction. 26 27 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Welltower Inc. for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Other important factors are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, including factors identified under the headings “Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” References herein to “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “company” refer to Welltower Inc. and its subsidiaries unless specifically noted otherwise. Executive Summary Company Overview Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people’s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower™, a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), owns properties in major, high-growth markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties . Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. The following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): Business Strategy Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location. Substantially all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees and services, and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. These items represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. To the extent that our customers/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments to us, there could be a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. To mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division actively manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. In monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data. Additionally, we conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends. We evaluate the operating environment in each property’s market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. In addition to our asset management and research efforts, we also structure our investments to help mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. In addition, operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. 28 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, rental income and resident fees and services represented 39% and 58%, respectively, of total revenues. Substantially all of our operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. Our yield on loans receivable depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate adjustments. Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses. Depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. We also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future investments, which replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured credit facility, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. Depending upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. It is also possible that investment dispositions may occur in the future. To the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. To the extent that new investment requirements exceed our available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our primary unsecured credit facility. At September 30, 2016, we had $428,617,000 of cash and cash equivalents, $83,137,000 of restricted cash and $1,604,665,000 of available borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility. Capital Market Outlook We believe the capital markets remain supportive of our investment strategy. For the 21 months ended September 30, 2016, we raised $4,492,991,000 in aggregate gross proceeds through the issuance of common stock and unsecured debt. The capital raised, in combination with available cash and borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility, supported pro rata gross new investments of $4,819,684,000 during 2015 and $2,129,447,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect attractive investment opportunities to remain available in the future as we continue to leverage the benefits of our relationship investment strategy. Key Transactions in 2016 Capital . In March 2016, we issued $700,000,000 of 4.25% senior unsecured notes due 2026, generating approximately $688,560,000 of net proceeds. In May 2016, we closed on a new primary unsecured credit facility that includes a $3,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, a $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility and a $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility plus an option to upsize the unsecured revolving credit facility and the $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $1,000,000,000, in the aggregate, and the $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional $250,000,000. The facility also allows us to borrow up to $1,000,000,000 in alternate currencies. Based on our current credit ratings, the unsecured revolving credit facility is priced at 0.90% over LIBOR with a 0.15% annual facility fee and the unsecured term credit facilities are priced at 0.95% over LIBOR for the U.S. tranche and CDOR for the Canadian tranche. The unsecured term credit facilities mature on May 13, 2021 and the unsecured revolving credit facility matures on May 13, 2020. The unsecured revolving credit facility can be extended for two successive terms of six months each at our option. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we raised $513,109,000 through our dividend reinvestment program and our Equity Shelf Program (as defined below). Investments . The following summarizes our acquisitions and joint venture investments completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 29 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Dispositions . The following summarizes property dispositions made during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): Dividends . Our Board of Directors increased the annual cash dividend to $3.44 per common share ($0.86 per share quarterly), as compared to $3.30 per common share for 2015, beginning in February 2016. The dividend declared for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 represents the 182 nd consecutive quarterly dividend payment. Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, concentration risk and credit strength. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget planning purposes. Operating Performance . We believe that net income attributable to common stockholders (“NICS”) is the most appropriate earnings measure. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders (“FFO”), net operating income from continuing operations (“NOI”) and same store NOI (“SSNOI”); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). Please refer to the section entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for further discussion and reconciliations of FFO, NOI and SSNOI. These earnings measures and their relative per share amounts are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share amounts): 30 Credit Strength. We measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. The leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and IRC section 1031 deposits. The coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges (interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends). We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. The coverage ratios are based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) which is discussed in further detail, and reconciled to net income, below in “Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations and rating of companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the periods presented: Concentration Risk . We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of NOI by property mix, relationship mix and geographic mix. Concentration risk is a valuable measure in understanding what portion of our NOI could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. Property mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our various property types. Relationship mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our top five relationships. Geographic mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our top five states (or international equivalents). The following table reflects our recent historical trends of concentration risk by NOI for the periods indicated below: 31 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Lease Expirations. The following table sets forth information regarding lease expirations for certain portions of our portfolio as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): We evaluate our key performance indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical trends are indicative of future results. Our expected results may not be achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are described in more detail in “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the headings “Business,” “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further discussion of these risk factors. Corporate Governance 32 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Maintaining investor confidence and trust is important in today’s business environment. Our Board of Directors and management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business practices. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. These guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange and are available on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and Uses of Cash Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses. These sources and uses of cash are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and are discussed in further detail below. The following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows (dollars in thousands): Operating Activities . The change in net cash provided from operating activities is primarily attributable to increases in NOI, which is primarily due to acquisitions. Please see “Results of Operations” for further discussion. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flow provided from operations exceeded cash distributions to stockholders. Investing Activities . The changes in net cash used in investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property investments, real estate loans receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities, which are summarized above in “Key Transactions in 2016” and Notes 3 and 6 of our unaudited consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of cash used in non-acquisition capital improvement activities (dollars in thousands): The change in new development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects on-going during the relevant periods. Renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization. Generally, these expenditures have increased as a result of acquisitions, primarily in our seniors housing operating segment. Financing Activities . The changes in net cash provided from financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/conversion of common and preferred stock and dividend payments. Please refer to Notes 9, 10 and 13 of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 33 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations At September 30, 2016, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership generally ranging from 10% to 50%. Please see Note 7 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. We use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. Please see Note 11 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. At September 30, 2016, we had ten outstanding letter of credit obligations. Please see Note 12 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): Capital Structure Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. None of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by our debt ratings. However, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and interest charged. We plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. On May 1, 2015, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) (1) an open-ended automatic or “universal” shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants and units and (2) a registration statement in connection with our enhanced dividend reinvestment plan under which we may issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock. As of October 31, 2016, 7,861,039 shares of common stock 34 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations remained available for issuance under this registration statement. We have entered into separate Equity Distribution Agreements with each of UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. relating to the offer and sale from time to time of up to $630,015,000 aggregate amount of our common stock (“Equity Shelf Program”). As of October 31, 2016, we had $171,757,000 of remaining capacity under the Equity Shelf Program. Depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements to invest in additional properties and to repay borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. Results of Operations Summary Our primary sources of revenue include rent and resident fees and services. Our primary expenses include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, property operating expenses, transaction costs and general and administrative expenses. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. The primary performance measures for our properties are NOI and SSNOI, which are discussed below. Please see Note 17 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. The following is a summary of our results of operations (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): Triple-net The following is a summary of our NOI for the triple-net segment (dollars in thousands): 35 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reclassified four properties previously classified in the triple-net segment to the outpatient medical segment. Accordingly, the information has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation for all periods presented. The following is a summary of our results of operations for the triple-net segment (dollars in thousands): The increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed triple-net properties from which we receive rent. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant’s properties. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If gross operating revenues at our facilities and/or the Consumer Price Index do not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Sales of real property would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues. Our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had no lease renewals but we had 36 leases with rental rate increasers ranging from 0.01% to 0.43% in our triple-net portfolio. The change in interest income is due to a higher loan volume in the current year, which includes two first mortgage loans to Genesis Healthcare. The decrease in other income is due to the receipt of an early prepayment fee in 2015 related to a real estate loan receivable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we completed one triple-net construction project totaling $24,535,000 or $310,569 per bed/unit and one expansion project totaling $2,879,000. The following is a summary of triple-net construction projects pending as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 36 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 represents secured debt interest expense and gains and losses on forward exchange contracts. The change in interest expense is due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our triple-net secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): In April 2011, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the real estate assets of privately-owned Genesis Healthcare Corporation. In conjunction with this transaction, we received the option to acquire an ownership interest in Genesis Healthcare. In February 2015, Genesis Healthcare closed on a transaction to merge with Skilled Healthcare Group to become a publicly traded company which required us to record the value of the derivative asset due to the net settlement feature. This event resulted in $58,427,000 gain in the first quarter of 2015. Depreciation and amortization increased primarily as a result of new property acquisitions and the conversions of newly constructed triple-net properties. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly. Transaction costs are costs incurred with property acquisitions including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, the termination of pre-existing relationships, lease termination expenses and other similar costs. The 2015 transaction costs include a charge related to the termination of pre-existing relationships, the termination of a lease obligation and overall higher transaction volume. The fluctuation in losses/gains on debt extinguishment is primarily attributable to the volume of extinguishments and the terms of the related secured debt. Changes in the gain on sales of properties are related to property sales which totaled 43 and 23 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges on certain held-for-sale triple-net properties as the fair values less estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values. Seniors Housing Operating The following is a summary of our NOI for the seniors housing operating segment (dollars in thousands): 37 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating results of operations (dollars in thousands): Fluctuations in revenues and property operating expenses are primarily a result of acquisitions and the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates. The fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions and variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, we did not complete any construction projects. The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 38 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Interest expense represents secured debt interest expense as well as interest expense related to all foreign senior unsecured debt. The increase in interest expense is attributed primarily to the $300,000,000 Canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes issued in November 2015. Please refer to Note 10 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating property secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): T ransaction costs fluctuate based on the volume of acquisitions in a year. For the current year, transaction costs are higher because of increased acquisition volume. The majority of our seniors housing operating properties are formed through partnership interests. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners’ share of net income (loss) related to joint ventures. The fluctuations in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities is primarily due to depreciation and amortization of short-lived intangible assets and the timing of additional investments in unconsolidated entities. Outpatient Medical The following is a summary of our NOI for the outpatient medical segment (dollars in thousands): During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reclassified four properties previously classified in the triple-net segment to the outpatient medical segment. Accordingly, the information has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation for all periods presented. The following is a summary of our results of operations for the outpatient medical segment (dollars in thousands): 39 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed outpatient medical properties from which we receive rent. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If the Consumer Price Index does not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Sales of real property would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues. Our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our consolidated outpatient medical portfolio signed 73,024 square feet of new leases and 271,496 square feet of renewals. The weighted-average term of these leases was eight years, with a rate of $37.78 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission costs of $16.24 per square foot. Substantially all of these leases during the referenced quarter contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent structure ranging from the change in CPI to 4%. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we completed three outpatient medical construction projects representing $44,113,000 or $281 per square foot. The following is a summary of the outpatient medical construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 40 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense. The change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our outpatient medical secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): The increase in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions of new outpatient medical facilities for which we incur certain property operating expenses. Transaction costs represent costs incurred with property acquisitions including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, termination of pre-existing relationships, lease termination expenses and other similar costs. Income from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses related to the periods for which we held a joint venture investment with Forest City Enterprises and certain unconsolidated property investments. Changes in gains/losses on sales of properties are related to volume of property sales and the sales prices. A portion of our outpatient medical properties were formed through partnerships. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners’ share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner. 41 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-Segment/Corporate The following is a summary of our results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in thousands): The following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate interest expense (dollars in thousands): The change in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments, excluding our foreign senior unsecured debt, which is in our seniors housing operating segment. Please refer to Note 10 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. Loan expense represents the amortization of deferred loan costs incurred in connection with the issuance and amendments of debt. Loan expense changes are due to amortization of charges for costs incurred in connection with senior unsecured note issuances. The change in interest expense on the primary unsecured credit facility is due primarily to the net effect and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes. Please refer to Note 9 of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our primary unsecured credit facility. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 3.41% and 3.77%, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily related to professional service fees for tax and legal consulting and costs associated with our initiatives to attract and retain appropriate personnel to achieve our business objectives. Other expenses in both years included costs associated with the retirement of executive officers. Other expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 also included costs associated with the termination of our investment in a strategic medical office partnership. Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Non-GAAP Financial Measures We believe that net income, as defined by U.S. GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. However, we consider FFO, NOI, SSNOI, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for depreciation. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. In response, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) created funds from operations attributable to common stockholders (“FFO”) as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation from net income. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, means net income attributable to common stockholders, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and impairment of depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests. Net operating income from continuing operations (“NOI”) is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses. Property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our seniors housing operating and medical facility properties. These expenses include, but are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and insurance. General and administrative expenses represent costs unrelated to property operations or transaction costs. These expenses include, but are not limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office expenses and depreciation of corporate fixed assets. Same store NOI (“SSNOI”) is used to evaluate the cash-based operating performance of our properties under a consistent population which eliminates changes in the composition of our portfolio. As used herein, same store is generally defined as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the reporting period subsequent to January 1, 2015. Land parcels, loans and sub-leases as well as any properties acquired, developed/redeveloped, transitioned, sold or classified as held for sale during that period are excluded from the same store amounts. We believe NOI and SSNOI provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSNOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We believe that EBITDA, along with net income and cash flow provided from operating activities, is an important supplemental measure because it provides additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our operations. We primarily utilize EBITDA to measure our interest coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by total interest, and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by fixed charges. Fixed charges include total interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. A covenant in our primary unsecured credit facility contains a financial ratio based on a definition of EBITDA that is specific to that agreement. Failure to satisfy these covenants could result in an event of default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Due to the materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we have disclosed Adjusted EBITDA, which represents EBITDA as defined above and adjusted for items per our covenant. We use Adjusted EBITDA to measure our adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months basis. Fixed charges include total interest (excluding capitalized interest and non-cash interest expenses), secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. Our covenant requires an adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.50 times. Other than Adjusted EBITDA, our supplemental reporting measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies. Management uses these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Additionally, these measures are utilized by the Board of Directors to evaluate management. Adjusted EBITDA is used to demonstrate our compliance with a comparable financial covenant in our primary unsecured credit facility and is not being presented for use by investors for any other purpose. None of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. Finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other real estate investment trusts or other companies. The table below reflects the reconciliation of FFO to net income attributable to common stockholders, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Noncontrolling interest and unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of depreciation and amortization. Amounts are in thousands except for per share data. 43 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The table below reflects the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Interest expense includes discontinued operations. Dollars are in thousands. 44 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 45 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The table below reflects the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Interest expense includes discontinued operations. Dollars are in thousands. The following tables reflect the reconciliation of NOI (which derives directly from consolidated results) and SSNOI for the periods presented. Dollars are in thousands. 46 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 48 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Disclosures United States of America Policy and legislative changes that increase or decrease government reimbursement impact our operators and tenants that participate in Medicare, Medicaid or other government programs. The reimbursement methodologies applied to health care facilities continue to evolve. To the extent that policy or legislative changes, or new reimbursement methodologies decrease government reimbursement to our operators and tenants, our revenue and operations may be indirectly adversely affected. Licensing and Certification Certain health care facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and certificate of need (“CON”) laws and regulations. Where applicable, CON laws generally require, among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the need for (1) constructing a new facility, (2) adding beds or expanding an existing facility, (3) investing in major capital equipment or adding new services, (4) changing the ownership or control of an existing licensed facility, or (5) terminating services that have been previously approved through the CON process. State and federal officials, increasingly including the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”), are challenging CON laws for reducing competition in the industry, creating barriers to entry and expansion, limiting consumer choice, and stifling innovation. We cannot predict whether current or future efforts to repeal or amend these state laws will be successful, nor can we predict the impact that such repeals or amendments would have on our operators or tenants and their ability to meet their obligations to us. Reimbursement The Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) pledged to tie 30% of Medicare payments to quality or alternative payment models by the end of 2016 and to tie 50% of Medicare payments to quality or alternate payment models by the end of 2018. In January 2015, the Administration announced that it achieved its goal of tying 30% of Medicare payments to quality ahead of schedule, by year end 2015 rather than the targeted deadline of year end 2016. Providers increasingly are entering into value-based purchasing arrangements, which to the extent our operators and tenants enter into such agreements, could affect their reimbursement and indirectly impact our revenues and operations. For example, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) launched the Hospital Value-Based Purchasing (“VBP”) Program in 2013, which is an initiative designed to reward acute-care hospitals with incentive payments for the quality of care they provide to Medicare beneficiaries. In addition, in fiscal year 2019, CMS expects to implement the Skilled Nursing Facility Value-Based Purchasing Program (“SNFVBP”), which is intended to promote better clinical outcomes for skilled nursing facility (“SNF”) patients through the use of incentive payments to participating SNFs based on the quality of care provided. Similarly, other public and private payors have started considering whether to base reimbursement decisions on access, price, quality, efficiency, and alignment of incentives, rewarding higher quality healthcare providers with enhanced payments and increased market share. On October 6, 2014, the President signed into law the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Transformation Act of 2014 (“IMPACT Act”). The law required MedPAC to submit a report to Congress by June 30, 2016, evaluating and recommending features of a post-acute payment system that establishes payment rates according to individual characteristics instead of the post-acute setting where the patient is treated. On June 15, 2016, MedPAC submitted this report to Congress, which provides general guidelines, rather than specific details, for developing a new cross-facility payment system, including a common unit of service, a common risk adjustment system using patient characteristics, separate models to establish payments for non-therapy ancillary services and therapy services, and two outlier policies for high-cost stays and short stays. The IMPACT Act requires MedPAC to issue another report in 2023, following CMS’s development of an actual payment prototype. On November 3, 2015, CMS published a proposed rule that would revise the discharge planning requirements that hospitals, including long-term acute care hospitals (“LTCHs”), inpatient rehabilitation facilities (“IRFs”) and home health agencies (“HHAs”) must meet in order to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Among other things, the proposed rule would require hospitals and other facilities to evaluate patients for their discharge needs and develop specific written discharge plans for them. The proposed rule would also implement the discharge planning requirements of the IMPACT Act. Provider groups have expressed concern that the proposed rule, if implemented, could create burdensome paperwork requirements, resulting in the need to hire additional staff and necessarily expend more resources. On February 9, 2016, President Obama released his budget proposal for fiscal year (“FY”) 2017. The proposed budget would cut Medicare payments to providers by $420 billion over ten years. Among other Medicare-related changes, the President’s budget plan over ten years would: (1) reduce bad debt payments to providers by $32.9 billion, (2) reduce the payment updates for post-acute care 49 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations providers by $86.6 billion, (3) raise the “60% Rule” threshold for IRFs back to 75% for reductions of $2.2 billion, and (4) implement bundled post-acute care payments for reductions of $9.9 billion. If these recommendations are adopted, we cannot predict whether they will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’ property or business. On March 11, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule to test new models regarding Medicare Part B payments for prescription drugs. The proposal is designed to test different physician and patient incentives to drive the prescribing of the most effective drugs and test new payment approaches to reward positive patient outcomes. If this proposed rule is finalized, it may impact our operators’ and tenants’ Medicare reimbursement rates, and our revenues and operations may be indirectly affected. On March 15, 2016, the House Energy and Commerce Committee approved the Common Sense Act of 2016, which would lower the maximum rate for Medicaid provider tax assessments from 6.0% of taxpayer revenues to 5.5%. If enacted, the bill could lower funds available for state Medicaid programs and may result in lower Medicaid rates to our operators. On March 24, 2016, CMS announced the next phase of its Initiative to Reduce Avoidable Hospitalizations among Nursing Facility Residents. Through this new payment model, CMS will encourage healthcare practitioners to provide additional treatments for especially ill or frail nursing home residents by equalizing the payments between a comprehensive assessment given at SNFs and hospitals. Participating SNFs will also receive payment to provide additional treatment for common medical conditions that often lead to avoidable hospitalizations. To the extent our operators and tenants participate in this initiative, it could affect their reimbursement and indirectly impact our revenues and operations. On April 1, 2016, CMS’s bundled payment program for Lower Extremity Joint Replacement (“CJR”) procedures went into effect. The CJR bundled payment program is mandatory for all hospitals paid under the Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System and located in the 67 selected Metropolitan Statistical Areas. On August 2, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule that, among other things, would expand the CJR bundles to include hip and femur fractures, as well as total knee and hip joint replacements. This could have an effect on our SNF operators as patients are down streamed for recovery. On April 4, 2016, CMS announced the final 2017 payment rates for Medicare Advantage, with an expected average payment increase of 0.85%. Changes in Medicare Advantage plan payments may indirectly affect our operators and tenants that contract with Medicare Advantage plans. On June 16, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule that would update the requirements that hospitals and critical access hospitals (“CAHs”) must meet to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The rule would apply new conditions of participation to such hospitals, including revisions to reduce readmissions, advance non-discrimination protections, increase infection control, and address other quality measures. If finalized, these new conditions of participation may potentially increase the operating costs of our tenants and operators. On July 14, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule regarding 2017 Medicare payment rates for Hospital Outpatient Departments (“HOPDs”) and Ambulatory Surgery Centers (“ASCs”). CMS Estimates that updates in the proposed rule would increase HOPD payments by approximately 1.6% and ASC payments by 1.2% in 2017. In addition, CMS proposes to implement section 603 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, which requires that, with the exception of dedicated emergency department services, services furnished in off-campus provider-based departments that began billing under the HOPD Prospective Payment System (“PPS”) on or after November 2, 2015 would no longer be paid under the HOPD PPS; instead, these services would be paid under other applicable Part B payment systems, including the Physician Fee Schedule (“PFS”), beginning January 1, 2017. Specifically, CMS would pay physicians at the “nonfacility” PFS rate and there would be no payment made directly to the hospital by Medicare. On August 2, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule that would create a bundled payment program for acute myocardial infarction or coronary artery bypass graft surgery procedures. Similar to the CJR bundled payment program, the Cardiac Care bundled payment program would be mandatory for all hospitals paid under the Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System and located in the 98 selected Metropolitan Statistical Areas. If finalized, this proposed rule could have an effect on our SNF operators as patients are down streamed for recovery. On August 5, 2016, CMS published a final rule regarding FY 2017 Medicare payment policies and rates for SNFs and IRFs. Under the final SNF rule, CMS projects that aggregate payments to SNFs will increase in FY 2017 by $920 million, or 2.4%, from payments in FY 2016. The final SNF rule also finalized three quality and resource use measures SNFs are required to report pursuant to the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014. Beginning in FY 2018, SNFs that fail to submit the required quality data to CMS will be subject to a 2% reduction to the annual market basket percentage update. Under the final IRF rule, CMS estimates that aggregate payments to IRFs will increase in FY 2017 by $145 million, or 1.9%, relative to payments in FY 2016. 50 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations On August 16, 2016, CMS published a proposed rule that would revise and update the requirements for the Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (“PACE”) program under Medicare and Medicaid, a unique capitated managed care benefit for the frail elderly, including strengthening protections and improving care for beneficiaries and providing administrative flexibility and regulatory relief for PACE organizations. Among other updates, CMS is proposing to allow non-physician primary care practitioners to provide some services in the place of primary care physicians in order to expand access to PACE and allow PACE organizations the flexibility to continue to meet the needs and preferences of participants. Additional proposed beneficiary protections include requiring PACE organizations that offer prescription drug coverage to comply with Medicare Part D prescription drug program requirements and strengthening CMS’s ability to impose sanctions and enforcement actions on PACE organizations. On August 22, 2016, CMS published a final rule regarding FY 2017 Medicare payment policies and rates for LTCHs. As a result of the continuation of the phase-in of site neutral payment rates for specified cases in LTCHs, CMS projects FY 2017 Medicare payments to LTCHs will decrease by 7.1%, or approximately $363 million in FY 2017. Payment rates will increase by 0.7% for cases that qualify for the higher standard LTCH Prospective Payment System rate. The final rule also implements the proposed 25% threshold policy, under which payment adjustments are made when the number of cases an LTCH admits from a single hospital exceeds a specified threshold (generally 25%). Finally, in response to the federal district court’s review of the “Two-Midnight” payment policy in Shands Jacksonville Medical Center, Inc., et al. v. Burwell, No. 14-263 (D.D.C.), CMS finalized its proposal to remove the 0.2% Medicare Part A hospital payment cut and also its effects for FYs 2014, 2015, and 2016 though an approximate 0.8% increase to FY 2017 payment rates. Along with the final rule, CMS issued an interim final rule with comment period to implement section 231 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act (2016) that established a temporary exception from the site neutral payment rate for certain severe wound care discharges from certain LTCHs. On October 4, 2016, CMS published a final rule that, for the first time in nearly 25 years, comprehensively updates the SNF and LTCH requirements for participation under Medicare and Medicaid. Among other things, the final rule addresses requirements relating to quality of care and quality of life, facility responsibilities and staffing considerations, resident assessments, and compliance and ethics programs. CMS estimates that this rule would result in an estimated first-year cost of approximately $62,900 per facility and $55,000 per facility in subsequent years. HHS Office of Inspector General Recommendations Addressing SNF Billing In the HHS, Office of Inspector General’s (“OIG’s”) April 2016 Compendium of Unimplemented Recommendations, OIG cited its prior September 2014 report addressing the need to reform the Medicare payment system for SNF services. In response to its findings that Medicare payments for therapy greatly exceeded SNF’s costs for therapy, OIG recommended, among other things, that CMS evaluate the extent to which Medicare payment rates for therapy should be reduced. Similarly, in May 2016, OIG issued a report finding that the improper payment rate for SNF claims increased by 4.10% in FY 2015 (compared to FY 2014) due to insufficient documentation. If followed, these reports and recommendations may impact our tenants and operators. Other Related Laws, Initiatives, and Considerations Following a similar report issued in October 2015, on October 6, 2016, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (“GAO”) released a report recommending that CMS (1) improve public stakeholders’ ability to locate and use SNF expenditure data and (2) ensure the accuracy and completeness of this data. According to the GAO, timely completion of these actions is particularly important because Medicare payments to nursing homes will be dependent on quality data, through the implementation of the value based purchasing program, starting in fiscal year 2019. To the extent such recommendations are implemented, they could impact our operators and tenants. On February 12, 2016, CMS published a final rule regarding the obligations of Medicare providers to report and return overpayments arising under Parts A and B. The final rule, which became effective March 14, 2016, implements § 6402(a) of the Affordable Care Act, also known as the “60-day report and return statute,” which requires providers to report and return Medicare and Medicaid overpayments within the later of (a) 60 days after the overpayment is “identified,” or (b) the date any corresponding cost report is due, if applicable. An overpayment impermissibly retained under this statute could violate the federal False Claims Act and subject providers to potential Medicare and Medicaid program exclusion and penalties under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute. On March 9, 2016, CMS released SNF utilization and payment data around facility costs and services. In its press release, CMS expressed concern that the amount of therapy provided for ultra-high and very high resource utilization groups is often very close to the minimum amount of minutes needed to qualify a patient for these categories. CMS referred the issue to Recovery Auditor 51 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractors for further investigation. On March 30, 2016, the DOJ launched 10 regional Elder Justice Task Forces to coordinate and enhance efforts to pursue nursing homes that provide grossly substandard care to their residents. We cannot predict the extent to which increased monitoring and auditing activities by government agencies may impact our operators. On June 30, 2016, DOJ issued an interim rule increasing the penalties under the False Claims Act (“FCA”) from the current range of $5,500 to $11,000 per false claim, to a new range of $10,781 to $21,562. The interim rule takes effect August 1, 2016, and applies to false claims made after November 2, 2015. On September 6, 2016, CMS published an interim rule increasing healthcare civil monetary penalties (“CMPs”) by as much as 150%. The final rule, which also took effect on September 6, 2016, implemented the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015, which not only adjusted the CMPs to meet current inflation rates, but also requires annual adjustments moving forward. Notably, the CMP for improper billing by hospitals, critical access hospitals, or skilled nursing homes, which was last updated in 1972, increased by 150% under the interim rule, from a maximum penalty of $2,000 to $5,000 per violation. Many of our operators and tenants are subject to federal and state privacy and security laws. There have been increased enforcement efforts under these laws, and we expect this trend to continue. Under the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), state attorney generals have the right to prosecute Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) violations committed against residents of their states, and several such actions have been brought to-date. In addition, HITECH mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. On March 21, 2016, the HHS Office of Civil Rights announced the official start of the 2016 Phase 2 HIPAA Audit Program. Enforcement actions may stem from these audits, including civil monetary penalty fines or monetary settlements, which may impact an operator’s ability to meet their financial obligations to us. United Kingdom Brexit On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) held an “in-or-out referendum” on the UK’s membership of the European Union (“EU”), the result of which favored the exit of the UK from the EU (“Brexit”). A process of negotiation will determine the future terms of the UK’s relationship with the EU which could take many forms. In the meantime, the UK remains a member of the EU. The potential impact of Brexit is currently unclear, but may include reduced economic growth and volatility, changes to the regulatory environment and uncertainty in the capital markets. We cannot predict whether Brexit will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’ property or business. National Minimum Wage In the July 2015 Budget the UK government announced that it would introduce the National Living Wage at a premium of 50 pence above the National Minimum Wage to take effect from April 2016. The National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2016 came into force on April 1, 2016 (“2016 Regulations”). The 2016 Regulations amend the Regulation of the National Minimum Wage Regulations 2015 to provide a National Living Wage rate of £7.20 an hour for workers aged 25 and over. On October 1, 2016, the National Minimum Wage for workers aged 21 to 24 was raised to £6.95 an hour. Starting in April 2017, both rates will change every April. The 2016 Regulations also amend the National Minimum Wage Act 1998 by increasing the financial penalty payable by employers who underpay the National Minimum Wage from 100% to 200% of the underpayment due to each worker. The maximum fine for non-payment will be £20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be banned from being a company director for up to 15 years. Privacy In the EU, data protection is governed by the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC (the “Data Protection Directive”). The Data Protection Directive has been implemented in the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”) which entered into force on March 2000 and is enforced by the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). A new EU General Data Protection Regulation will replace the Data Protection Directive and impose a significant number of new obligations including, among others, a requirement to appoint data protection officers, having detailed documentation on the processing of personal data, carrying out privacy impact assessments in certain circumstances, providing standardized data protection notices, reporting security breaches without undue delay, and providing certain rights to individuals such as a right of erasure of personal data. The EU General Data Protection Regulation is expected to have significant enforcement powers with fines proposed by 52 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations the European Commission of up to 4% of annual worldwide turnover or €20 million, whichever is greater. The EU General Data Protection Regulation was adopted in May 2016 and will enter into force in EU Member States on May 25, 2018. It is unclear, as a result of Brexit, whether the Regulation will become law in the UK. If the EU General Data Protection Regulation is adopted, we cannot predict whether it will have a material impact on our operators’ or tenants’ property or business. Canada Licensing and Regulation British Columbia The Community Care and Assisted Living Act, the Residential Care Regulation, and the Community Care and Assisted Living Regulation (together, the “B.C. Act”) regulate “community care facilities” (long-term care facilities) as premises used for the purpose of supervising vulnerable persons who require three or more prescribed services (from a list that includes regular assistance with activities of daily living; distribution of medication; management of cash resources; monitoring of food intake; structured behavior management and intervention; and psychosocial or physical rehabilitative therapy) and “assisted living residences,” the definition of which is anticipated to be soon changed to refer to facilities providing any of a list of assisted living services. The B.C. Act also creates a separate regime for regulating “assisted living residences,” the definition of which changed in May 2016 to facilities providing one or more prescribed care services. Quebec In Québec, retirement homes are regulated by the Act Respecting Health Services and Social Services and the Regulation required to obtain a certificate of compliance based on operating standards for a private seniors’ residence. The required certificate of compliance is issued for a period of four years, is renewable and can only be validly transferred to another person with the written permission of the regional licensing agency. Privacy Some privacy regulators in Canada have order-making authority and others are ombudspersons who make recommendations that may only be enforced by a court. Under a number of privacy laws, a finding by a regulator that a custodian has breached the law creates a right to apply to a court for money damages. In some provinces there is a statutory civil cause of action for breach of privacy and personal liability for directors and officers. In other provinces, the courts have recognized a limited common law cause of action for breach of privacy. The powers of privacy regulators and penalties for violations of privacy law vary according to the applicable law or are left to the courts. To date, monetary penalties granted have been on the low side, although that is changing with civil actions for breach of privacy and may change further as a result of class action activity. Regulators have the authority to make public the identity of a custodian that has been found to have committed a breach, so that there is a reputational risk associated with privacy law violations even where no monetary damages are incurred. The notification of patients (mandatory under some privacy laws) and other activities required to manage a privacy breach can give rise to significant costs. Other Legislation In Quebec, the Safety Code was amended in December 2015 to require that private seniors’ residences be equipped with a fire alarm and detection system, as well as the installation of a sprinkler system in certain private seniors’ residences. The amendments came into force March 18, 2016, except regarding the installation of the sprinkler system, which has a five year grace period, and comes into force December 2, 2020. Critical Accounting Policies Our unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions. Management considers an accounting estimate or assumption critical if: · the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and · the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. 53 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future. However, since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change. If actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Please refer to Note 2 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for further information regarding significant accounting policies that impact us. There have been no material changes to these policies in 2016. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain “forward-looking” statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When the company uses words such as “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate” or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. In particular, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those relating to the company’s opportunities to acquire, develop or sell properties; the company’s ability to close its anticipated acquisitions, investments or dispositions on currently anticipated terms, or within currently anticipated timeframes; the expected performance of the company’s operators/tenants and properties; the company’s expected occupancy rates; the company’s ability to declare and to make distributions to shareholders; the company’s investment and financing opportunities and plans; the company’s continued qualification as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”); the company’s ability to access capital markets or other sources of funds; and the company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the company’s expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. This may be a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: the status of the economy; the status of capital markets, including availability and cost of capital; issues facing the health care industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations and payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive settlements and operators’/tenants’ difficulty in cost-effectively obtaining and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; changes in financing terms; competition within the health care and seniors housing industries; negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants, including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; the company’s ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results; the failure to make new investments or acquisitions as and when anticipated; natural disasters and other acts of God affecting the company’s properties; the company’s ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; the company’s ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets sold; operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies; the cooperation of joint venture partners; government regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational requirements; liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants; unanticipated difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future investments or acquisitions; environmental laws affecting the company’s properties; changes in rules or practices governing the company’s financial reporting; the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates; the company’s ability to maintain its qualification as a REIT; and key management personnel recruitment and retention. Other important factors are identified in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, including factors identified under the headings “Business,” “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Finally, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek to mitigate the underlying foreign currency exposures with gains and losses on derivative contracts hedging these exposures. We seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the terms of new investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings to the extent possible. We may or may not elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to match our variable rate investments with comparable borrowings, but are also based on the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. This section is presented to provide a discussion of the risks associated with potential fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We historically borrow on our primary unsecured credit facility to acquire, construct or make loans relating to health care and seniors housing properties. Then, as market conditions dictate, we will issue equity or long-term fixed rate debt to repay the borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current 54 indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings were completed under indentures or contractual agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, in the event that we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money because of these limitations, our ability to acquire additional properties may be limited. A change in interest rates will not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. Interest rate changes, however, will affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt. Changes in the interest rate environment upon maturity of this fixed rate debt could have an effect on our future cash flows and earnings, depending on whether the debt is replaced with other fixed rate debt, variable rate debt or equity or repaid by the sale of assets. To illustrate the impact of changes in the interest rate markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our fixed rate debt instruments whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates to determine the instruments’ change in fair value. The following table summarizes the analysis performed as of the dates indicated (in thousands): Our variable rate debt, including our primary unsecured credit facility, is reflected at fair value. At September 30, 2016, we had $2,824,420,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would result in increased annual interest expense of $28,244,000. At December 31, 2015, we had $2,236,733,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would have resulted in increased annual interest expense of $22,367,000. We are subject to currency fluctuations that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increases or decreases in the value of the Canadian Dollar or Pounds Sterling relative to the U.S. Dollar impact the amount of net income we earn from our investments in Canada and the United Kingdom. Based solely on our results for the three months ended September 30, 2016, including the impact of existing hedging arrangements, if these exchange rates were to increase or decrease by 10%, our net income from these investments would increase or decrease, as applicable, by less than $1,200,000. We will continue to mitigate these underlying foreign currency exposures with non-U.S. denominated borrowings and gains and losses on derivative contracts. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and health care properties outside the U.S., we may also decide to transact additional business or borrow funds in currencies other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars or Pounds Sterling. To illustrate the impact of changes in foreign currency markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our derivative portfolio whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in foreign currency exchange rates to determine the instruments’ change in fair value. The following table summarizes the results of the analysis performed (dollars in thousands): For additional information regarding fair values of financial instruments, see “Item 2 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies” and Notes 11 and 16 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file with or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred 55 during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, there are various legal proceedings pending to which we are a party or to which some of our properties are subject arising in the normal course of business. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors identified under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2016, by and between Welltower Inc. and Mercedes T. Kerr* 12 Statement Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends (Unaudited). 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document** 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document** 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document** 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document** 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document** 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document** 57 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 58